# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2017-09-14

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [community-committee#127](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/127)

* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jszrPFeCMVqnB5lnO04hHzsSFndsyW0HFwvmOp39-60/edit?usp=sharing

* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xc5578v9ZKl1V4B-65LvMlSmUK2EcZ9A4WNcP0SSitE/edit


* _Video Recording_:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdfUnZz1PwM

## Present

* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (CommComm)
* Joe Sepi @joesepi (observer)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (CommComm)
* Rachel White @rachelnicole (CommComm)
* Tierney Cyren @bnb (CommComm)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (CommComm)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (CommComm)
* Refael Ackermann @refack (observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- #113 Elect a new chairperson for CommComm: Voting by secret ballot
- #119 Conduct Commitment and how we can communicate leadership expectations + [Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC, CTC, and CommComm](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)
- #125 Email Alias not up to date with membership list
- #96 Result of User Feedback Initiative first meeting: how we can help

## Minutes

[Intros]

- #113 Elect a new chairperson for CommComm: Voting by secret ballot
- Planning on moving forward with http://www.decing.com/ as a voting tool for the election
	- The tool the TSC was using does expose votes to the “admin” user, whereas decing does not.

Action: 
@hackygolucky (Tracy) to set up the vote and send it out after the CommComm meeting.

- #119 Conduct Commitment and how we can communicate leadership expectations + [Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC, CTC, and CommComm](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)
	- Michael shared https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/339 from the TSC repo, which is a PR similar to William’s PR (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/119), and an extension that addresses some of the concerns about William’s PR.
	- Rachel raised concerns about such a document and the the possibility of members having things from their past activity, regardless of platform, being brought up and held to this standard.
	- CommComm members were encouraged to address any issues with the PR in TSC/pull/339 and 

- #125 Email Alias not up to date with membership list
	- This is being worked on. Members who are not listed currently were intentionally left unlisted because we did not have explicit permission to add their email address to the list.

- #96 Result of User Feedback Initiative first meeting: how we can help
	- Tracy asked the Committee if the group would be interested in helping out with sharing individual items that the Node.js org may be requesting help on to get more exposure
	- There didn’t seem to be any objections to sharing this kind of sharing of specific issues/requests from the org
	- Further, Michael brought up general callouts to the Community to begin helping and reaching out to community members who may be interested in participating but aren’t sure where to start. 

Action items:
- Tracy to send out ballot via decing.com to members to vote on Chairperson
- Members were requested to look at https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/339 and provide feedback, if they have any.

## Q/A

- Question about issues with an Electron application
  - Tracy and Tierney suggested that they check out https://github.com/nodejs/help and ask a question there - someone there would be able to help further with the specific question, or direct them to someone who could help.

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=nodejs.org_nr77ama8p7d7f9ajrpnu506c98%40group.calendar.google.com>

*Next meeting: 2017-08-17 20:30 UTC (Thursday 12:00pm US Eastern).*




