# Node.js Foundation CommComm Meeting 2017-04-27

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#227](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/227)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RxoO0WUmlth2oHU-GR6SPDSGCJlmOOGl84WalHIkGHA
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: **removed since the link returns a 410**

## Present
* James Snell @jasnell (CommComm)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (CommComm)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (CommComm)
* JP Wesselink @jpwesselink (CommComm)
  
## Agenda

* Elect a Chairperson [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30)
* Collaborator's Summit agenda [#28](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/28)
* governance: who has voting rights? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/21)
* Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/13)
* Central communication medium for chatting in Node.js [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/11)

## Discussion
**Discussion because we only had 4 in attendance. Did not go live with meeting and therefore did not record.**
* Elect a Chairperson [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30)

* Collaborator's Summit agenda 
[#28](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/28)

* governance: who has voting rights? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/21)

* Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/13)

* Central communication medium for chatting in Node.js [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/11)  
Reiteration that investment in all our channels

### [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/38) Adding folks as members  
Asked: How does the Node.js Foundation work? We should provide a quick overview.  
TODO Add as issues:  
- Should the CommComm have a budget? We need to be intentional.
- Who wants money? What purpose does the money serve? How does this support Node.js and the community?
- Check with Mikeal about community funding initiative that was put on hold.
- What’s happening with Inclusivity WG? Time to add ‘ARCHIVED’ to the repo name and start anew.

## Review of last meeting

### Elect a Chairperson [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30)
William Kapke opened. Chair is responsible for what’s going on around the committee. Organizing meetings and agenda. This committee uses the individual directors as representatives to the Board. Think about it if you are interested! Next meeting we’ll have discussions around this, potentially have a vote.

To do: expand and clarify role of Chairperson for potential candidates.

### Collaborator's Summit agenda [#28](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/28)  
May 4-5 in Berlin, hope to see you there  
Awesome way to get everyone in the same room  
Roll call:  Myles, William, Bryan, Ashley, Rachel  

Agenda to submit:
- Can we get everyone together to talk Moderation? Scope should cover more space. How CommComm can help.
- What communities can we help with and how do we connect?
- Meta-contribution session–let’s find a way to bridge the gap between Code + Learn transitioning the afternoon into Collab Summit in the Fall
- Moderation training
  
Let’s brainstorm more in the issue, too.
  
### governance: who has voting rights? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/21)  
For the time being, can we put this on hold? The members have voting rights. What are these external groups and how they want to weigh in on things? 

Another question: do we need to have the distinction between the two? 

TODO: 
If we leave the charter as-is(and we just let members vote), would we be violating the charter?


### Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/13)  
Rachel White would love to see a number of orgs participate or be in the community committee:  
- https://github.com/nodejs/code-and-learn
- https://github.com/nodejs/education
- https://github.com/nodejs/evangelism
- https://github.com/nodejs/inclusivity
  
Our hope is that TSC and CTC feel a part of the Community Committee. This is important to stress and that repos being a part of this is not a landgrab. Outreach and talking about interest in participating is important. We aren’t inviting people to move over without them explicitly stating as a group that they’d like to. 

TODO: outreach to groups listed in this issue to gauge interest

### Central communication medium for chatting in Node.js [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/11)  
IRC vs. Slack!  
How do we make this decision?  

CTC, existing moderators, and community-at-large should each get a separate input mechanism. 

Why not have both exist? Are we creating this for the collaborators? For the community? What about the moderators? 
  
Is this really a support issue? Are we properly supporting our community? nodejs/help is a great way for people to answer questions, but this isn’t realtime feedback. Can we hook /help into a chat but then make sure there’s protocol for making /help the source of truth for that answer for others to reference later?

Can we let the community build their spaces?   
  
TODO:
- Make an official, CoC compliant list of places we can send folks needing help!
- Document what problems we are trying to solve
- Update the cross-posted issue that we propose not to choose one over the other
- Moderation training
- Can we create a hook from /help into IRC and/or Slack for people to get smaller help in realtime

## Q/A
N/A
