# Node.js Foundation CommComm Meeting
Berlin Collab Summit

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#227](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/227)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RxoO0WUmlth2oHU-GR6SPDSGCJlmOOGl84WalHIkGHA
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: **removed since the link returns a 410**

## Present
* William Kapke @williamkapke (CommComm)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (CommComm)
* Mikeal Rogers (CommComm)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (CommComm)
* Richard Littauer @richlitt
* Ashley Williams @ashleygwilliams (CommComm)
* Franziska Hinkel @fhinkel
* Myles Borins @mylesborins (CommComm)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax
* Patrick Heneise @patrickheneise
* Rachel White @rachelnicole (CommComm)
* Steve Klabnik @steveklabnik

## Agenda
- What is a member?
- Flesh out communication channels for the project:
  - Make an official, CoC compliant list of places we can send folks needing help!
  - Document what problems we are trying to solve
  - Update the cross-posted issue that we propose not to choose one over the other
  - Can we create a hook from /help into IRC and/or Slack for people to get smaller help in realtime
- Moderation training: what would this look like? Where?
- Create a meta collaboration sessions at the fall Node Interactive, designed to get people new to the project who participated in, say, Code + Learn and then onboarding them into the various working groups participating in the collaborator summit.
- How do we go about bringing other communities into the Community Committee and Node.js Foundation?
- Is there such a thing as a roadmap for the Community Committee? What would that look like?
- Elect a Chairperson [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30)
- Collaborator's Summit agenda [#28](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/28)
governance: who has voting rights? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/21)
- Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/13)
- Central communication medium for chatting in Node.js [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/11)

## Discussion
**What is a member?**  
Legal comment was that there is flexibility.

**Communication channels**  
Can we document best practices? Myles was really good on this for reaching consensus and getting stakeholders to pay attention. 

**Champion model**    
Works really well in some ways; look at how Myles did it for v8, or Brandon for (Promises?).  
What about having someone champion, without being the implementer? Work load becomes difficult.

**Action Items**  
- [ ] Talk to Myles and have him write-up how he did his discussion about V8, which was a useful way of communicating with the community (and self-effacing your own opinions in the process, for the sake of reaching consensus). This can then be used as a model for later. Aka. write down an informal champion process and model.
- [ ] Talk with other communities about how folks are being paid for contributions to communities(such as Rust, Django)

### High visibility first projects
- Org chart or lay of the land of how to engage with the project. Helpful add to [Get Involved](https://nodejs.org/en/get-involved/)! 
  - Helps demonstrate how to access these groups, who is helpful or championing work
  - The localization chapters may be a lot of work, as they're intricate and multilingual
- Moderation
  - Escalation policy--create it. 
  - Formal request to TSC or other body. Requires an official response(public if requested). If you are not satisfied with TSC/body resolution, escalate to individual member director and Board. Board should be reported to that X escalations occurred each month and have been resolved in a timely fashion. Anonymize to position in the project if collaborator/TSC/CTC/etc. 
  - Values statement for leaders to uphold.
  - Overhaul of current scope for moderation and expand to include IRC and Slack. Who has access to Moderation repo?
  - Pull request execution of IRC rules brought into current Code of Conduct
    - Modify something like the WeAllJS moderator guide for the larger community.
    - Why are we ‘fixing’ IRC or Slack?
      - Open lines of communication. We are being held responsible for pointing people to good, safe places to learn and develop.
  - Can we shut down the mailing list? It’s old and not conducive to new folks coming in and getting a good experience. We aren’t maintaining it.
  - Moderator scheduling to have op coverage. It’s necessary because timezones. 
  - Writing the guidelines--can we get someone newer to write this up, PR/drive it, have moderators review it.
  - Time to form new offer for Moderation group that is formed of members from… people who actively work on the project. Social buy-in into the project. All of the other teams provide a nomination to the Moderation group and the core team has veto power for the person nominated. Folks should always know who to reach out to. Explicit list.
- Join Freenode! https://www.irccloud.com/#!/irc.freenode.net:6667/%23node-commcomm
  - Check in on May 30th. (@RichardLitt)
- How do we go about bringing other communities into the Community Committee and Node.js Foundation? How do we provide value?
  - Make clear there is no exceptionalism for prior events or groups.
