# Node.js Foundation Community Committee (CommComm) Meeting 2017-11-30

## Links


* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtYASTx99WM 
* **GitHub Issue:** https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/168 
* **Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SWJjGXEpTdu_2RbUkHr05h3WZco3pFrq59p4gDoKTnc/edit?usp=sharing
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SWJjGXEpTdu_2RbUkHr05h3WZco3pFrq59p4gDoKTnc/edit?usp=sharing>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc:** <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-oCbwBTLm7yK47hc5iMCXcR78n6L1g4l2-VuRYQm5CM/edit?usp=sharing>_


## Present
Michael Dawson (@mhdawson - CommComm)
Tierney Cyren (@bnb - CommComm)
Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky - CommComm)
Olivia Hugger (@pup - CommComm)
Ben Michel (Observer ?)
Dan Shaw (Obverser, End user feedback initiative)
Jem bezooyen (Observer)
Manil (Observer)
Nikhil Komawar (Observer)
Pooya Paridel (Observer)
Rafel Ackermann (@refack CommComm)
Ahmad Bamieh (Observer)
Benjamin Zaslavsky (@tiriel - Observer)
Toby Farley (@tobyfarley - Observer)

## Notes

Extracted from cc-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the nodejs org prior to the meeting.
* Revisit Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) (ref: #13 (comment))
* Define Core CommComm Values (ref: #156)
* Add Initiatives section + User Feedback Initiative (ref: #167)
* Internationalization/Localization Working Groups (ref: #114)
* Broader Community Committee Team in the Node.js Org (ref: #166)
* Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website (ref: #134)
* Individual Membership as responsibility of the CommComm (ref: #170)

## Discussion
Mentorship Team under the CommComm (ref: #172)

* Initiative talked about kicking off as of Node Interactive
* Possibly ComCom can kick off with support of TSC
* Looking for folks with bandwidth to help co-organize
* Important first steps: getting foundation down, establish comcom champion
*  Ahmad wants to share experience getting started with nodejs core and has noticed it’s difficult to get started mentoring
Clarification on role of “Champion”: need people who can do the work to move it forward, point of contact regarding progress, can always request help from others (no need to do everything yourself)
* Ahmad is interested in championing but may need some assist (only an observer still)
* Documentation about how to champion is missing, important that someone who starts championing has familiarity with processes
* Next steps: evaluate on the github issue, look for official champion via the thread
* Dan / Ahmad can contact Tierney who will help support
* Question at end of meeting around “what level mentorship”. Answer is: “Yes” (needs further definition)
* Can only offer mentorship in the areas that we have mentors available.

Individual Membership as responsibility of the CommComm (ref: #170)
* CommComm taking on this responsibility is a lot of work, if we accept it. We need champions and people who are willing to help with this work. We want to make sure we are being set up to succeed instead of taking on work that other groups just don’t have the bandwidth for.
* We should enumerate duties and potentially what we’d like to see it be. A proposal needs to be drawn up for the Board to consider. There’s mostly room to grow and make this great, little room for failure. 
* Not discussed in public board session recently
* Only discussion so far has been here (previous meeting)

Lazy consensus with policies vs. people (ref: #169)
* Lots of good discussion about transparency on issue
* Voting members have given approval, 
* Next step: needs a pull request (via Tracy) and folks can pull apart language, etc

Define Core CommComm Values (ref: #156)
* Came to conclusion recently that this may not be needed yet as conversation around values has evolved
* Shouldn’t differ from general values, may not need distinction
* Potentially each group could have values that are a refinement of the core values, but it would be nice to see the core values strongly defined first
* Effort at this point can go toward helping move forward general values
* Data around values should be in a public place (directory in admin), Tracy submit a pull request/link for main node repo
* Possibly not appropriate to share until values are “ratified”? However, part of an ongoing effort to document the conversation re: values.
* Having a readme in the values directory outlining: is a living document, will continue to evolve, a good way to address concerns around what has been ratified.
* @bnb will be closing the issue after the meeting

Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website (ref: #134)
* PR has been merged! Thank you to Adam.
* This issue will be closed after the meeting

Request to add refack as CommComm member (ref: #173)
* Absolutely meets requirements to be a member
* Tracy will send out vote after meeting today
* Okay to post How I Got Into #Node in Node.js Collection? (ref: nodejs-collection/#11)
* Issue created by Zibby who is working on series of posts about how contributors got into working with Node.
* Wondering if appropriate to add to nodejs collection
* Discussion on github issue
* If you are a contributor, zibby is interested in further participation

Add Initiatives section + User Feedback Initiative (ref: #167)
* PR from Tierney adding initiatives to readme
* User feedback repo still requires accountablility doc (Dan has submitted a PR as of this morning to include it, should be addressed today)
* Request for feedback on the PR

Node.js End User Feedback (NEUF) Meeting 2017-12-01 (ref: user-feedback/#6)
* TSC has recurring checkins and Dan would like to get EUF included as one to check on
* Dan is getting this rolling and copying process from other groups (always open to feedback)
* First meeting will be tomorrow
* Should there be label to help directors identify issues that should be discussed: an issue to be brought up in admin repo
* Should be bidirectional so directors can bring issues back to ComCom
* Progress on Internationalization Effort has been Slow
* Members will be coming back on this shortly
* Will be able to report back on this soon (next meeting)

Other non-agenda discussions brought up in the end of the meeting:
* Increasing interest in helping with website (Information architecture, etc)
* Project will be kicking off soon…
* Regarding documentation: Refael is part of another best practices repo, wonders if there should be buy in within project
* Documentation updates always needed and wanted, but can be a process to update
* Existing guides may be better maintained in a dedicated repo
* There is a section within website, but is hard to find
* Individuals may always link or submit a pr regarding other awesome work (but perhaps with disclaimer around it being an external resource)
* TODO: Please add comments and feedback to this so we can draft a proposal, if that reflects the CommComm’s wishes.

No YouTube comments/Q&A today.

No private session was held.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
