# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2017-05-22

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [community-committee#62](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/62)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: **removed since the link returns a 410**
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YevHuA_csoTltDJ6mHr21fetZshNqWpsRbBRkSHhmYE/

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (CommComm)
* Gregor Martynus @gr2m (CommComm)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (observer)
* Penny Hugger @pup (observer)
* Rachel White @rachelnicole (CommComm)
* Tierney Cyren @bnb (observer)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (CommComm)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (CommComm)
* Michael Dawson (observer, TSC)
* Sarah Conway (observer, LF)
* Emily Rose @nexxy (CommComm)

## Agenda

Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Request to move moderation responsibilities to CommComm [#270](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/270)

### nodejs/community-committee

* Charter tweaks [#50](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/50)
* Expanding the Node.js Collection: Reviewers [#45](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/45)
* Adding folks as members [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/38)
* Moderation shortage [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/33)

## Review of last meeting

Skipped because we started the meeting late.

## Minutes

### nodejs/TSC

#### Request to move moderation responsibilities to CommComm [#270](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/270)

This is the formal request to move moderation responsibilities over to the Community Committee. Concerns were brought up that nothing is changing so why is it moving? Skills and scope of these different committees makes sense to expand the coverage of moderation to all repos(not just TSC overseen repos but also CommComm and even things such as IRC potentially). Will allow TSC to not have to spend energy on this as much but everyone is covered under CommComm, including TSC, to the voices are represented. No objections.

### nodejs/community-committee

#### Charter tweaks [#50](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/50)

Tries to get the charter in line with the TSC and also adds education as a context scope we should be covering. The next step is taking this to the Board and upon approval we can merge this pull request. No objections.

TODO: William Kapke will represent this item to the May Board agenda.

#### Expanding the Node.js Collection: Reviewers [#45](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/45)

This is an existing publication collection that has been a really successful collaboration thus far with the Evangelism working group and Communications within the Node.js Foundation. The review process and review board needs to be expanded. There are not enough eyes on this from an editorial and technical review perspective. We’d like to make this board bigger. We would like 3-5 consistent technical reviewers who would be committed to doing this.

We should split this off out of Evangelism WG and into its own repo. Share it on GitHub. Use our networks on Twitter, other social media. List the editors on the repo as official as a thanks and callout to their work. Can we provide editors in the article at the bottom as a ‘thanks’ for editing.

TODO: Bryan will split off Node.js Collection repo. Add editors and information about contributing to this. Will add Sarah Conway as an admin.

#### Adding folks as members [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/38)

We need a CONTRIBUTING.MD file. We need the purpose of membership and how to help out documented. We are an administrative overhead body. We shouldn’t be doing all of the ‘doing’ but spinning up teams that are focused on specific problems.

TODO: We should establish teams(explain this) in the CONTRIBUTING.MD and get going on more work. List teams. WRITE OUT A PATH! My First PR type labels would certainly help with this.

#### Moderation shortage [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/33)

Talk next time

#### Move NodeTogether under CommComm[#63](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/63)

NodeTogether is looking for a better system of support after last year’s success and partnering with Node.js Live. To continue, it needs to be an entity in order to be able to take in or seek money for operations. This is also very much what we do in Node.js. The options were 1. A separate legal entity and crowdfund through OpenCollective. 2. Move the repo under the Node.js project and become a part of the foundation.

TODO: request to the Board that they consider NodeTogether repo be pulled into the Board. Governance needs to be applied to the repo once it is brought in.  If approved, move repo.


## Q/A

None this time! File an issue on GitHub if you have any question.

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=nodejs.org_nr77ama8p7d7f9ajrpnu506c98%40group.calendar.google.com>

*Next meeting: 2017-06-08 20:30 UTC (Thursday 1:30pm US Pacific).*
