# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2017-05-11

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#227](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/227)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: **removed since the link returns a 410**
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YevHuA_csoTltDJ6mHr21fetZshNqWpsRbBRkSHhmYE/

## Present

- Ashley Williams ([ashleygwilliams](https://github.com/ashleygwilliams))
- Bryan Hughes ([nebrius](https://github.com/nebrius))
- Gregor Martynus ([gr2m](https://github.com/gr2m))
- Tracy Hinds ([hackygolucky](https://github.com/hackygolucky))
- William Kapke ([williamkapke](https://github.com/williamkapke))
- Tierney Cyren ([bnb](https://github.com/bnb))
- Michael Dawson ([mhdawson](https://github.com/mhdawson))
- Penny Hugger ([pup](https://github.com/pup))
- Richard Littauer ([richlitt](https://github.com/RichardLitt))

## Agenda

### nodejs/board

* Clarify By-Laws WRT Community Committee [#57](https://github.com/nodejs/board/issues/57)

### nodejs/community-committee

* Changed Collaborator to Member in README [#49](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/49)
* Documentation surrounding movement to/from TSC <> CC [#47](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/47)
* Request to move nodejs/education under CommComm [#46](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/46)
* Expanding the Node.js Collection: Reviewers [#45](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/45)
* Adding folks as members [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/38)
* Moderation shortage [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/33)
* Elect a Chairperson [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30)
* governance: who has voting rights? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/21)
* Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/13)
* Central communication medium for chatting in Node.js [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/11)

## Review of last meeting

## Minutes

### nodejs/board

* Clarify By-Laws WRT Community Committee [#57](https://github.com/nodejs/board/issues/57)
William: have not gotten any answers that have been helpful. Will seek Board input.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Changed Collaborator to Member in README [#49](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/49)
Tiny word change that helps make this clearer(thanks loaded language!). 

People will assume that prior art is what we are operating under unless explicitly defined otherwise. Make sure this is noted in our governance.

TODO: File an issue to define who has commit access and collaborator access to the repo.

* Documentation surrounding movement to/from TSC <> CC [#47](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/47)
Bidirectionality should be written into this. The idea is that a working group would request to decharter from their existing org, while concurrently requesting to join the other group(here example being TSC → CC but this could be the other way). Once the TSC has approved, the CommComm accepts. We should have questions in place, such as confirming the working group has come to consensus on this. What happens if the parent orgs don’t want them to?

Be kind and respectful of repo ownership. Not doing this will be problematic to diplomacy.

TODO: Tierney will PR.
TODO: open a special issue about repo ownership to meet with TSC. Once CommComm is overseeing multiple repos, there should prob be a few folks from CommComm as owners.
TODO: to be able to @nodejs/comm-comm, we need to have a team, silly. Set that up. Determine how folks are added as part of the member definition.

* Request to move nodejs/education under CommComm [#46](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/46)
This is not moving a working group over. Request to TSC as a PR removing it from scope. No decharter necessary. 

Education would be a team, once moved over. A team does not have autonomy. Working groups do. This has not been a problem in the past.

No objections for Education to join.

TODO: look at governance for working groups and see if we need to add language for the CommComm governance. 

* Expanding the Node.js Collection: Reviewers
[45](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/45)
Evangelism would like to collaborate with CommComm on contributing to the Node.js Collection. We need more reviewers! There’s a written process for submissions and what is looked for in reviewing. We(Evangelism + Node.js internal team) can grant access for folks to be technical editors.

The CommComm is an oversight group/collaborators. Some steps to take that could help here: we should look at Evangelism being a part of the CommComm. May be able to spin up more resources and eyes on this. (sidemention: We would love to see Evangelism as part of CommComm!)


* Adding folks as members [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/38)
Right now we don’t have a process! Not explicit or obvious. Let’s define it. We should be liberal with allowing folks to raise their hand. Add folks as observers upon first request. They can act as part of the group, participate, show up(meet the participation guidelines). 

Is 3 months a fair participation window? That’s how long you’d need to be absent to be removed. No objections.

Can observers attend private sessions? We need to be explicit about what an observer gets to do.

Person requests to be added to CommComm by filing an issue. Added as an observer.
If meet the participation guidelines in 3 months, added as a member.

TODO: document these notes in our governance in appropriate places
Steps to join and explanation of observer role vs. member role

* Moderation shortage [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/33)

* Elect a Chairperson [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30)
Bryan Hughes was only nomination for Chairperson. No objections. A shorter term was discussed to be helpful since this is unprecedented. Meeting members agreed that we’ll keep full term.

TODO: document Bryan Hughes as chairperson!

* governance: who has voting rights? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/21)
If you’re on the CommComm, you have voting rights.

* Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/13)

* Central communication medium for chatting in Node.js [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/11)

## Q/A

No questions! But <3 Node.js so yay!

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=nodejs.org_nr77ama8p7d7f9ajrpnu506c98%40group.calendar.google.com>

*Next meeting: 2017-05-25 20:30 UTC (Thursday 1:30pm US Pacific).*
