# Node.js Foundation Community Committee (CommComm) Meeting 2017-10-26

## Links


* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iPCVw5VZ-I
* **GitHub Issue*** https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/155
* *Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-oCbwBTLm7yK47hc5iMCXcR78n6L1g4l2-VuRYQm5CM/edit?usp=sharing>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <docs.google.com/document/d/1zBorpMl49vF_xnSeE1tdKQ58vQlSvTFYtuxc8DAlvww/edit?usp=sharing>_

## Present

* Gregor Martynus (@gr2m - CommComm)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi - CommComm)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson - CommComm)
* Rachel White (@rachelnicole - CommComm)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb - CommComm)
* Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky - CommComm)
* Refael Ackermann (@refack - observer)
* Manil (@chowdhurian - observer)
* @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - observer)
* @obensource (Ben Michel - observer)
* William Kapke (@williamkapke - CommComm)
* @Maurice-Hayward (Maurice Hayward - observer)
* @sarahkconway (Sarah Conway - observer)
* @dshaw (Dan Shaw - observer)
* @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)

## Notes

### Tracy onboarding/welcome to new members

* Contributions != code
* People are welcome to be regular observer as first step
  towards joining the team
* guidance is at https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee
* one thing to read is code of conduct
* don't need to be member to contribute, can attend, comment on 
  issues etc. 
* good way to start is to look at the issues section, especially
  those marked `good first issue`. Those with this label have enough
  context to start working on.

### Tagged issues

The agenda comes from issues labelled with `cc-agenda` across **all of the repositories in the nodejs org**. Please label any additional issues that should be on the agenda before the meeting starts.

* Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/134)
  * `good first issue` added, any volunteers ? Tierny or Rachel
    would be happy to provide context.  Adam Miller volunteered.
    
* doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members (https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/12)
  * document is pretty much ready to land.  Unless there are 
    objections likely to land on Friday.  Last call to raise
    blocking objections.  If you have suggestions that can 
    be added in follow-on PRs, then landing and submitting
    additional PRs is a good way to go (from Michael's 
    viewpoint).  Its definitely a living document.
  
* Internationalization/Localization Working Groups (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/114)
  * Rachel - been on agenda for quite a while. At the point where
    we need to start taking action items to get the people who
    have shown interest started.  Has discussed with Tracy to 
    look at demographics for usage. Current volunteers to help
    represent 3 to 4 languages. 
  * Rachel has volunteered to organize the internationalization
    WG but if there is anybody who speaks some of the other languages
    help with that would be great.  Ben Michel and Adam Miller
    volunteered to help out. Target is Nov 9 to actionable
    progress.
  * William, some of the existing subgroups are active so
    good to reach out to them.  Where are we getting the data
    for which languages (data from Node.js survey last year).
    William has some data from node green as well.  Suggestion that
    npm might have some data as well.  
  * Adam mentioned that he has talked to translation team at 
    linked in, there is some possibility just need to gather some
    more specific info on what needs to be done.
  * Dan a number of international conferences in the next few
    months so a good opportunity to link with those communities.

* Node.js User Feedback project planning    (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/112)
  * Initial meeting with Michael, Tracy, and Tierney
  * Dan and Michel have shown interest in helping push this
    forward.
  * Some work going on to formalize.  A number of people
    at NI volunteered their PM skills.  
  * Dan, William and Mike H, have volunteered to start moving
    this forward.  Meeting following this meeting scheduled
    to figure out who/how will lead.  If you want to help with
    the `leadership` feel free to join that meeting.
  * There are many aspects.  `Surveys` may is another one that
    might be led separately.

* Bench-marking team request for survey (#153)
  * Tracy is happy to be tagged with moving this one forward.  
  * If anybody else would like to help out let her know.
  * We should add contacts for each of our ongoing initiatives to the main README.md.  Initially
    probably `Surveys` and user `feedback`.  We should also have it as a regular part of 
    the agenda to get an update (even if that is `nothing to report`).  Tierny will add those.


* We should all talk about expectations of the moderation team https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/24
  * Tierny provided some background on what the moderation team is
  * Current discussion is around what the deliverables are for the
    moderation team and are they enabled.
  * As context Forrest provided overview of progress so far 
    In TSC meeting yesterday.
  * Rafeal, discussion in moderation team.  Should moderation team
    be making policy.  As the implementers of the the governance
    should they be advocating for the rules they enforce. Potential
    conflict of interest that may lead to trust issues.  Instead 
    should there be a separation of roles.
  * Tracy, yes CommComm and TSC should `owninq` policy but members
    do have specific expertise that positions them best to suggest
    what makes sense.

* Define Core CommComm Values (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/156)
  * Tracy suggested we do on-line working session.  Part of
    expectations is to support values so we need to define those.
    Tierny is going to organize on-line working session to move
    forward.
  * Rachel: at NI we broke out into groups and used sticky notes
    to capture values.  Going to repeat with a focused session
    on values for community committee.
  * If you want to participate, check out issue for details.

* meta: fix case of extensions on internal docs and move CoC to admin repo https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/25
  * suggests moving code of conduct and moderation guide to central
    admin repo and then reference them from TSC and CommComm repos.
  * Myles has mentioned that maybe they should have been in 2
    different issues.


## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

