# Node.js Foundation Community Committee (CommComm) Meeting 2017-12-28

## Links


* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/RFskn2-A3pY
* **GitHub Issue:** #200
* **Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KjaFIdIwfTYUMPNp7LlQzpydp4gbTDZGDnlKUX78J3c/edit?usp=sharing
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc:** docs.google.com/document/d/1t2mseYq8-EKlxMiluHq2k2s8qh7bIX0nIEJb8QiSFH4/edit?usp=sharing


## Present
* @rachelnicole (Rachel White - CommComm)
* @bnb (Tierney Cyren - CommComm)
* @pup (Olivia Hugger - CommComm)
* @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)
* @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - observer)
* @bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury - observer)
* @obensource (Ben Michel - observer)
* @dshaw (Dan Shaw - observer)
* @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds - CommComm)
* @williamkapke (William Kapke - CommComm)
* @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)

## Notes
Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

Agenda Items:
* Create STRATEGIC-INITIATIVES.md #196
* Create WORKING_GROUPS.md #194
* Charter, expectations and responsibilities https://github.com/nodejs/enterprise-advisory-group/pull/5
* Node.js People Everywhere (npe) #184
* Move `node-ment` repo into the Node.js Org https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/35
* If someone submits a PR, should we invite them as an Observer? #143
* Explain inclusivity better #117
* Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114
* Redesigning the Official Node.js Website  https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/1534
### Initiatives update
User Feedback:
* Benchmarking survey completed just before holidays
* How can we broadcast this as far as possible?
* Issue should be created in CommComm and evangelism should see that there.
* Survey will be shared far and wide over next month or so.

### Agenda Discussions

## Create STRATEGIC-INITIATIVES.md #196
* Pull request submitted and with previous discussion
* No blockers, no further actions required?
* As a point of process, we should add strategic initiatives ahead of agenda items :)
* Can we consider it a strategic initiative if it doesn’t come up regularly (have check-in)
* Should have a discussion about long and short term initiatives (but outside of this meeting)
* This is key wayfinding for new folks to the CommComm, so having lots of aspirational initiatives could be a disservice. Keep it real; the more people can be engaged and participating, the more we’ll hit our stride.
* Is there some way to document whether initiatives are aspirational or not so we’re not spending too much time organizing around requests.
* Some things *do* warrant checkins, and if it comes up during a meeting where there isn’t a champion we can review and rally as necessary.
* Further discussion on the PR (#196)

## Create WORKING_GROUPS.md #194
* Came up before strategic initiatives as part of user feedback group.
* Covers how to template and create a new working group, but document has some legacy cruft (copied)
* New working groups (User Feedback / Moderation) can have a shared structure
* There is a bunch of boilerplate that could _maybe_ be eliminated and that may not apply to the CommComm
* Next action?: Strip out the boilerplate and keeping things simpler on this PR.
* There is little definition that we’ve aligned around, and this boilerplate is useful. We have to spend the time to define this. 
* Dan will start an issue to discuss this

## Charter, expectations and responsibilities https://github.com/nodejs/enterprise-advisory-group/pull/5
* “Gating concerns” come from CommComm
* Only issue was Discussions have happened elsewhere and no awareness for CommComm
* Would like to form a group of companies that can provide feedback around major changes to the platform
* As part of work going on with User Feedback Dan has started something (see PR)
* Want group to be semi-autonomous
* Initial meeting happened (beginning of December) where notes were captured and put in repo
* Work on infrastructure (contributing docs, etc) was begun, but fair amount of work and ran into some questions/hesitations from other members, etc
* No ruffled feathers: just folks wanting clarity about scope, and whether CommComm is the place for this.
* Specifically: Does an *enterprise* initiative belong under community committee scope. 
* “Enterprise Initiative” may be more of a foundation initiative, started with corporate members of foundation.
* Transparency and engagement: group is appropriate, but everyone should be aware that the repo on github puts this into the public under the CommComm. 
* Organizers of advisory group are going to have to carry data back to github* 
* If majority of work is happening outside of github, bigger discussion may need to happen (within the admin repo)
* Issue is related to CoC/moderation being applicable to other spaces as well
* Hesitation about opening issue in admin: Much of what TSC works with is technical and therefore fits within the github model
* Discussion will just happen within the CommComm repo. Dan will create a second issue in github.

## Move `node-ment` repo into the Node.js Org https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/35
* Update: Renamed repo to “mentorship” and moving to Node

## Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114
* Update: want to get initial repo and documentation established early this year (2018)

## Redesigning the Official Node.js Website  https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/1534
* Lots of interest, but going to be a lengthy process
* There should likely be a strategic initiative defined
* Issue linked includes a general assessment of what needs to be done.
* Also of note: a post linked from @ammiller about redesigning nodejs
* Wanted help with: Content, information architecture, design, implementation, etc
* Will also need to have discussion/connect with TSC.
* No objections to this project moving forward, just lack of direction/organization
* Next actions: getting agenda item on TSC, starting strategic initiative
* Potentially some funding or resources put toward pushing this forward
* Talk to william / ashley / miles
* Should be strategic about who takes responsibility, **avoid design by committee**
* Olivia will champion this!

# Items Tabled...
## Node.js People Everywhere (npe) #184
Discussion tabled until next meeting...
## If someone submits a PR, should we invite them as an Observer? #143
## Explain inclusivity better #117

## Q&A

## Upcoming Meetings
* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar
Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
