(doc to move to nodejs/community-committee repository after meeting)

# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2017-09-28

## Links
* **GitHub Issue**: [community-committee#136](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/136)

* Minutes Google Doc:
docs.google.com/document/d/1zBorpMl49vF_xnSeE1tdKQ58vQlSvTFYtuxc8DAlvww/edit?usp=sharing

* Previous Minutes Google Doc:
docs.google.com/document/d/1jszrPFeCMVqnB5lnO04hHzsSFndsyW0HFwvmOp39-60/edit?usp=sharing



* **Video Recording**:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdfUnZz1PwM

## Present

* Gregor Martynus @gr2m (CommComm)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (CommComm)
* Michelle Garrett @msmichellegar (CommComm)
* Rachel White @rachelnicole (CommComm, Co chair)
* Tierney Cyren @bnb (CommComm, Co chair)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (CommComm)
* Joe Sepi @joesepi (observer)
* Refael Ackermann @refack (observer)



## Agenda

Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- #113 Elect a new chairperson for CommComm: Voting by secret ballot
- Fix CoC section in CONTRIBUTING.md #133
- Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website #134
- Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114
- Moderation escalation policy #35
- Add custom URL for youtube channel nodejs/build#892
- doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members nodejs/admin#12


## Minutes

[intros]

- #130 Add Joe Sepi as new CommComm member

No objections, welcome Joe 

- Fix CoC section in CONTRIBUTING.md #133

No objections

- Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website #134


Collaborate at Node Interactive (Tracy, Rachel, Joe, Tierney). Hangout for members to join remotely.

Next action: create draft before Node Interactive (Rachel, Tierney)

- Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114

Richard was interested in working on it but since left CommComm. Unclear what the next step is

Next action: Compile list of folks who are interested in topics (Rachel, Tracy, Michelle (French), Refael (Middle East))

- Moderation escalation policy #35

Next action: reference discussions in other places to redirect interest/energy (Tierney)
The moderation team has been meeting regularly and making progress. They expect to have recommendations for process/what they need in the near future for the Community Committee and the TSC to review.  They are working with the urgency of gettings thing out in mind, but balancing with making sure we don’t burn people out.

- Add custom URL for youtube channel nodejs/build#892

Requires a follower account? (Doesn’t seem the case because NodeSource has less followers and it worked). 

Next action: Try to make it happen (Tierney)

- doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members nodejs/admin#12

(Michael) Main blocker: values need to be documented.

Next action: 

- first cut at values in minutes from last TSC meeting https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/367.  There should be an issue in admin repo soon to discuss.
This is not on the agenda ;)

[Add link to talk on node “values” by Bryan Cantrill]: https://vimeo.com/230142234.

## Q/A

- Would it be possible to help with translating the Node.js docs if people were able to commit time?
  - Yes, although it’s presently a non-trivial task. That said, if people are interested in working on it, it can be done.

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=nodejs.org_nr77ama8p7d7f9ajrpnu506c98%40group.calendar.google.com>

*Next meeting: 2017-10-12 20:30 UTC (Thursday 12:00pm US Eastern).*
