# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2017-08-31

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [community-committee#98](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/116)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xc5578v9ZKl1V4B-65LvMlSmUK2EcZ9A4WNcP0SSitE/
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vvl8VMehZXlgXt3iFf_xQYcXWkaTOfBgVwT9FWTKk1U
* _Video Recording_: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4n_45XAm7-U

## Present

* Gregor Martynus @gr2m (CommComm)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (CommComm)
* Joe Sepi @joesepi (observer)
* Rachel White @rachelnicole (CommComm)
* Richard Littauer @RichardLitt (CommComm)
* Tierney Cyren @bnb (CommComm)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (CommComm)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (CommComm)
* Refael Ackermann @refack (observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/tsc

- [Meta: explicit exclusion for outside social media posts](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/327)
- [Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC, CTC, and CommComm](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)

### nodejs/community-committee
- [Internationalization/Localization Working Groups [#114]](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/114)
- [Elect a new chairperson for CommComm [#113]](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/113)
- [Moderation escalation policy [#35]](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/35)


## Minutes

Intros

### Meta: explicit exclusion for outside social media posts via [nodejs/tsc #327](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/327)
* Kubernetes follows the same CoC as Node.js, consider social media as part of a report if it is included in reporting. 
* Moderation policy is the activation of CoC being put into use. 
* By the TSC passing this PR the CommComm is bound to this moderation policy because the moderation policy is the activation of the Coc. 
* Issues like this will be handled by an admin repo (in discussion, in the works now) but currently we’re in a transition period. 
* CommComm in agreement with PR moving forward.

Action items: 
* Tracy to meet with Michael Dawson to get clarifications on PRs within the TSC that affect CommComm. 

### Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC, CTC, and CommComm [via nodejs/tsc #311](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)
* Need to establish guidelines for leadership, leadership being members of the TSC and CommComm.
* No feedback other than the urgency of resolving the travel fund situation for NINA 2017. 

### Internationalization/Localization Working Groups [#114](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/114)
* Question: It appears the work of those working groups is technical in terms of code/documentation so should they fall under the TSC as opposed to the CommComm?
  * For the most part, the work is actually focused around translation from what’s there in English into the local languages. The translation is a community aspect and accessibility is community focus. There’s currently no effort to bring these translation efforts together globally. 
* If we agree to this, we need to insure that someone within CommComm is keeping tabs on and getting these groups what they need, a liaison to the Internationalization/Localization working group. 
* CommComm reaches consensus (no objections) to move forward with bringing the Internationalization/Localization working group under the CommComm. 
* There is an Internationalization working group repo, but not an active group (I18n).

Action items:
* Rachel and Richard volunteer to meet with Tracy and members currently working on translation efforts to start the transition.
### Elect a new chairperson for CommComm [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/113)
* Deadline to nominate is September 8th, following by an election starting Monday September 11th, to be concluded before the September 14th CommComm meeting where we can officially begin the onboarding process for the new chairperson.
* Question: Can someone outside of CommComm run for chairperson?
  * The governance states that CommComm will elect from current CommComm members.
* Question: Is there a term?
  * The chairperson serves a term of one year. Since Bryan stepped down early, the annual elections will move to the dates up. 

### Moderation escalation policy [#35](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/35)
* This issue asks what happens when someone feels that an item in CoC needs to be addressed beyond the moderation team? Or what happens when our internal voting mechanisms break down?
* Tracy recaps how moderation and arbitration works.
* Question: Is Node.js being sued?
  * No. We’re trying to nail down the scope of steps we need to take in order to enforce rules. 
* We want to make sure that everyone in committees feel supported and able to share their opinions or concerns. Mediation is appropriate for conflict, whereas a vote is more appropriate for tackling technical decisions. 


## Q/A

Answered in the above agenda items. 

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=nodejs.org_nr77ama8p7d7f9ajrpnu506c98%40group.calendar.google.com>

*Next meeting: 2017-09-14 20:30 UTC (Thursday 12:00pm US Eastern).*




