# Node.js Foundation Community Committee (CommComm) Meeting 2017-10-26

## Links


* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/FzVetIZApUM 
* **GitHub Issue:** https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/168 
* **Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SWJjGXEpTdu_2RbUkHr05h3WZco3pFrq59p4gDoKTnc/edit?usp=sharing
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-oCbwBTLm7yK47hc5iMCXcR78n6L1g4l2-VuRYQm5CM/edit?usp=sharing


## Present
Tierney Cyren(@bnb), member
Pooya Paridel, observer
Jem Bezooyen, observer
Sarah Novotny, Node.js Board of Directors, observer
Tracy Hinds(@hackygolucky), member
Ben Michel(@obensource), observer
Nikhil Komawar (@komawar), observer
Refael Ackermann(@refack), observer
William Kapke(@kapke), Node.js Board of Directors, member
Michael Alexander (@mgalexander), observer
Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian), observer
Mike Hostetler, observer
Adam Miller, observer


## Notes

Extracted from cc-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the nodejs org prior to the meeting.
Revisit Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) (ref: #13 (comment))
Define Core CommComm Values (ref: #156)
Add Initiatives section + User Feedback Initiative (ref: #167)
Internationalization/Localization Working Groups (ref: #114)
Broader Community Committee Team in the Node.js Org (ref: #166)
Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website (ref: #134)
Individual Membership as responsibility of the CommComm (ref: #170)

Revisit Add some scope (aka: stake your claim!) (ref: #13 (comment))
- TODO: Submit a PR about the collaborative repos for education, summit, admin


Define Core CommComm Values (ref: #156)
- TODO: Add your name if you are interested in participating!
@tiriel

Add Initiatives section + User Feedback Initiative (ref: #167)

- TODO: Please look at the open PR for this.
- TODO: Needs a CoC and contributing guidelines for pull requesting, and language indicating repo is a part of the CommComm(for contact and moderation reasons).

Internationalization/Localization Working Groups (ref: #114)
Ben Michel, Rachel White, and Adam working on this. Need to get this to a triage point. Git-localized would be good to integrate into our process. Need to suss out endeavors. Translation of nodejs.org? Of repos and docs? 
We need metrics to see what languages are used primarily to target and help.

Node.green stats (image included in minutes doc)

- TODO: Reach out to npm to discuss if they may be able to share metrics around this as well.

https://nodejs.org/metrics/summaries/country.png
https://nodejs.org/metrics/summaries/country.csv raw data

- TODO: Ben to create a doodle to schedule a meeting for i18n.

Broader Community Committee Team in the Node.js Org (ref: #166)
We have observers, which is the path to becoming a member. When we mention the commcomm team, it only has members and does not reach out to observers. How do we include everyone in the conversations?

- TODO: Label issues regardless of repo so that Observers can have a filter they could be looking at to keep up with activity. This would be very helpful as a practice for people getting started as well!(Jem’s suggestion)

Add CommComm Section to Node.js Website (ref: #134)
Ben and Adam need guidance to do this but would like to help. Manil would like to help too.

- TODO: Tierney will meet with Adam and Ben to help with content to wrap this up.

Individual Membership as responsibility of the CommComm (ref: #170)
CommComm taking on this responsibility is a lot of work, if we accept it. We need champions and people who are willing to help with this work. We want to make sure we are being set up to succeed instead of taking on work that other groups just don’t have the bandwidth for.

We should enumerate duties and potentially what we’d like to see it be. A proposal needs to be drawn up for the Board to consider. There’s mostly room to grow and make this great, little room for failure. 

- TODO: Please add comments and feedback to this so we can draft a proposal, if that reflects the CommComm’s wishes.

No YouTube comments/Q&A today.

Private session discussions ensued after.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

