
# Node.js Foundation 
## Community Committee Meeting 2018-11-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9MnvkwWxxg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/413
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/413

## Present

- Jem Bezooyen (@jembijoux)
- Tieney Cyren (@bnb)
- Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Amanda Ennis
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Benjamin Zaslavsky (@Tiriel)
- Mike Dolan (Foundation)
- Rachel Romoff (Foundation)
- Zibby Keaton (Foundation)
- Rachel Ferry (Foundation)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)

### Invited

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.
*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

Extracted from cc-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the nodejs org prior to the meeting.

- More thorough support for Travel Fund recipients [#239]()
- SproutSocial and Social Media Champions [#411](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/411)
- Individual Membership Subgroup proposal request for feedback [#390](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/390)
- Charter changes: remove redundancies [#385](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/385)
- Change language as defined by NF Legal [#384](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/384)
- Node.js Collection Suggested Updates and Changes [#31](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/issues/31)

## Initiatives Report

### User Feedback / Mentorship

- Quick update : raised hands to ask for help from foundation folks
- Tracy has +1’d some folks to both initiatives
- Entering second year for both programs
- Ahmed / Dan both have started new roles recently and been busier in their own time

No other updates for initiatives today

## Discussion

### More thorough support for Travel Fund recipients [#239](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/239)

- Discussion started last meeting around building out the documentation 
- Sarah Conway / Tracy Lee has some discussion points about it (but not on call)
- New email alias: travelapprovals@nodejs.org Does this cover issue? Not entirely because folks will still want to ask questions.
- Will leave label on issue 

### SproutSocial and Social Media Champions [#411](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/411)

- Amanda is going to run point on this, will need a little more time to absorb 

### Individual Membership Subgroup proposal request for feedback [#390](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/390)

- Deadline has (technically) passed. Board meeting not been scheduled though.
- Individual membership directory position that William currently sits in, is up for election in January
- Want to have the proposal for the individual membership details drafted by end of year
- Subgroup has created a draft, has been sent to board members last month, welcome comments, but not much feedback submitted
- Was introduced again in join strat committee, 
- No negative feedback! Just want to build on that with more details
- Adam and Tracy are going to take the draft that already exists and add details 
- Example of new details: how we pick the director, why a membership is valuable
- Board meeting should be between Dec 12 - 14th, so draft needs to be finalized more than a week prior.

### Charter changes: remove redundancies [#385](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/385)

- This is the pr that could have NEW changes, or updates or feedback.
- Please review so we can share in the next board meeting.

### Change language as defined by NF Legal [#384](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/384)

- This should be good! This is the pr that we’re working on to tidy up our Charter.

### Discussion - Merger - Community Committee across multiple projects [#414]()

- Some discussions in the cross community about the C3
- If there was a merged Node / JS foundation, is that one CommComm for all projects?
- In earlier conversations there was some excitement about sharing the work CommComm is doing across projects, with the Cross Community Committee
- There is still an ecosystem specific for node, CommComm isn’t going anywhere. (Folks may probably will want to participate in the Cross Comm also though.)
- Is it better to send representatives from specific projects, or is membership open?
- There should be discussion around this: open an issue in the bootstrap repo?’
- Do people need to be tied to projects? Do they *represent* the projects?
- We risk not having enough participation if we put up too many barriers for at least the initial members
- Reminder that this is how the CommComm bootstrapped also
- If c3 is governing or allocating resources, you will need the context or engagement with the community, so those members will be necessary

Links to issues discussing this: issues:
- https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/37 
- https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/38 

### Node.js Collection Suggested Updates and Changes [#31](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/issues/31)

- Nodejs Collection is a Community Committee initiative
- As collection grows, making it easier for folks to submit and edit
- How we use Medium as a platform could use a little optimization
- Zibby leaving after three years of hard work!
- Two folks on the call will be taking over the work: Rachel and Amanda!


## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
