# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2018-09-20

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/377
* **Minutes Google Doc**: $MINUTES_DOC$

## Present

- Jem Bezooyen (jembijoux)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Ahmad Bamieh (@Bamieh)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Refael Ackermann (@refack)
- William Kapke (@williamkapke)
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Waleed Ashraf (@WaleedAshraf)

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.
*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Initiatives

### User Feedback
- Ran the pilot last week in user feedback, drive more discussion around feedback.
- seen success in focused areas, but not the traction around general user feedback
- Dan’s proposal for this was to set up a meetup, 10 folks came out 
- Need more promotion time for bigger numbers: need to go outside core presenters
- Could use topics of presentations to draw in discussion

### Website Redesign
- Look and feel has been progressing
- We’ll get to see it soon! At the next meeting!

### Mentorship
- Some great assets from members of the mentorship program that could be shared wider
- Ahmad is contact zibby about maybe sharing (she’s away for now)

### Partner Communities PR
- PR was merged the other day for the partner communities
- https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/blob/main/governance/PARTNER_COMMUNITIES.md
- There is plenty to refine here
- We also have a #community-committee member channel on node slackers that we can all be in.
- Spectrum chat also has a node community
- Q: Did we promote the fact that partner communities landed? (Tierney did…)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* JS Interactive & Node Community Corner - Questions? [#211](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/211)
Keeping this agenda item on for N+JSI updates
Lara, Tracy and Medina on call
Medina will be on the ground during the event and manning the community corner
There will be a twitter thread for collaborators
Working through finishing touches for event
Registration numbers keep going up!
Organizing some food trucks for lunch around Friday and Saturday
We’ve had some sponsors come forward for collab summit, is this something we want to formalize in the future with a sponsorship document of some kind? (advertise that it’s sponsorable)
Future idea: Is there a discount code that CommComm members could have to help spread the word

### nodejs/community-committee

* Individual Membership Subgroup Meeting - September 4th, 2018 [#366](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/366)
- Just forgot to remove the labels
- Question about whether we should remove the labels manually, and the answer is yes if it’s no longer relevant.

* Moderation Team Recertification [#361](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/361)
- need to go down the list of members who have been members for one year and need to recertify them
- do we want to do that in a public session via yes/no/objections in chat? -OR- as a vote and via a poll (might take a bit longer)
- Maybe we could do a bulk vote for everyone? Are we all agreed on that process? (+1’s around.)
- https://github.com/orgs/nodejs/teams/moderation/members List of members
- Some requests for context around what existing members have done. Moderation log is not long (reviewed incidents and activities from previous year)
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/170
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/165#issuecomment-370260411
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/186
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/190
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/193
- (Issue that was locked: https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21295 )
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/209
- https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21580
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/215
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/217
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/218
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/219
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/221
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/222
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/223
- (Issue locked: https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22107#issuecomment-410762619
- https://github.com/nodejs/moderation/issues/227
- https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/153#issuecomment-414821652
- Moving for a batch vote from here, get a list of the folks who will be recertified and Adam will send out a vote to all
- Folks check out PR https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/218 and approve!
- FTR: Modification to the mod-policy https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#modifications-to-this-policy

- ACTION_ITEM: Depending on how https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/218 lands @amiller-gh will send out either a per-person approval vote or a bulk-member vote by EOD Sunday.


* First pass at PARTNER_COMMUNITIES.md [#352](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/352)



## Q&A, Other

Youtube chat: an offer to help with website red

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

