# Node.js Foundation Community Committee (CommComm) Meeting 2018-01-11

## Links


* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/RFskn2-A3pY
* **GitHub Issue:** #213
* **Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ct96kVuGAxcA602ca0gfYN4vAM8G_6ypH4CtwBU38Yo/edit?usp=sharing
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KjaFIdIwfTYUMPNp7LlQzpydp4gbTDZGDnlKUX78J3c/edit?usp=sharing


## Present
* @rachelnicole (Rachel White - CommComm)
* @bnb (Tierney Cyren - CommComm)
* @williamkapke (William Kapke - CommComm)
* @mhdawson (Michael Dawson - CommComm)
* @obensource (Ben Michel - observer)
* @pup (Olivia Hugger - CommComm)
* @dshaw (Dan Shaw - observer)
* @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds - CommComm)
* @amiller-gh (Adam Miller – Observer)
* @bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - observer)
* @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury - observer)
* @mrhinkle (Mark Hinkle - Observer)
* @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)
* @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)
* @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)

## Notes
Extracted from cc-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the nodejs org prior to the meeting.
Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.
Agenda Items:
* Charter, expectations and responsibilities [enterprise-advisory-group/5](https://github.com/nodejs/enterprise-advisory-group/pull/5)
* doc: update GitHub Org Management Policy to reflect actual practice [tsc/465](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/456)
* Not all members of the GitHub org are members of the members team [tsc/284](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/284)
* add website redesign initiative #205
* Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114 
* Explain inclusivity better #117
* Mentorship Initiative #206
* Documentation Discussion during diagnostics WG meeting #163
* If someone submits a PR, should we invite them as an Observer? #143 
* Issuing badges for contributors #212
### Initiatives update
### Agenda Discussions
#### Charter, expectations and responsibilities [enterprise-advisory-group/5](https://github.com/nodejs/enterprise-advisory-group/pull/5)
* Lots of discussion in issue
* Dan Shaw: Back in July James reached out to Dan to see if he was interested in helping out
  to build group of companies that would participate to provide feedbcack to the TSC.  Once
  user feedback group was up and running, reached back to these companies and they
  were ready to engage. Held the first meeting to start discussion.
* Tracy: lots of suggestions in issue.  Need to acknowledge that EAG is listed as just
  one of the many groups that will be represented.  Asked that we add in section that
  discusses limits on representation from any one company.
* Tierney: Make sure it is fully transparent and visible to Community Committee, TSC,
   etc. (Specifically because discussion may happen off github.)
* Dan: Just used charter as that is a way of saying “this is our mandate”
* Rachel: what is the commitment on the part of the Node.js community ?  The only 
  commitment is to hold regular meetings.
* Planning on holding a meeting sometime this month to keep group engaged
* Dan: Not sure whether to publish minutes
* Yes publish the minutes, and create an issue in comcom to invite members
####  doc: update GitHub Org Management Policy to reflect actual practice [tsc/465](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/456)
 Generally managed by TSC and CommComm chairs
* Issue about whether to include people who are just CommComm members (that only
  have to participate in meetings to get access)
* Tracy: Too many repos under the community committee already if only chairs can
  access. In support of access to the rest of CommComm provided there’s an onboarding process to impress the responsibility of having this access.
* Maybe onboarding process re security etc?
* Michael: Only allowing chairs was just an interim step, which is a start.
  Could take further steps later to address needs.
####  Not all members of the GitHub org are members of the members team [tsc/284](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/284)
* Heads, up push to clean up. Please review, comment in issue.
#### add website redesign initiative #205
* Olivia: Have thread on redesigning website.  
* Need a repo and team defined on github
* Tierney will help get that in place.  He also asked Mark about getting funds and there
  was some discussion on process to get that.
* Should we need professional work on the site, a proposal can be submitted for funds.
* Once PR is merged this becomes an official initiative of the CommComm
#### Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114 
* Ben Michel: a group met and came to consensus on technical direction and approach
* Electron group has come up with an elegant solution
* Chart with proposed technical solution: https://i.imgur.com/WvTFV6k.jpg
* Leverages Crowdin to provide simple view of what needs to be translated, and avoids
   need for git knowledge on the part of translators.
* Michael: asked about use for translating core error messages once we are ready for that. 
  Seems that it would be
* Olivia: what about engagement with existing groups/teams who are doing translations ?
  First priority is to get their feedback on the proposal.
####  Explain inclusivity better #117
  * skip for this week as we are running out of time
####  Mentorship Initiative #206
  * mentorship program, new issues will be raised in that repo 
    https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship
  * Some discussion on how to get started.
####  Documentation Discussion during diagnostics WG meeting #163
  * Looking for technical editors to help them.  
  * Most generally asking about how to recruit 
  * Tierney CommComm needs to engage
#### If someone submits a PR, should we invite them as an Observer? #143 
  * skip for this week as we are running out of time
####  Issuing badges for contributors #212
  * skip for this week as we are running out of time
## Q&A
## Upcoming Meetings
* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar
Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
