# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2018-09-06

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/367
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l2i3e-n9KFqWlGIbQe-dRDYMLq78iX0sGHKfOBFFbbU/edit

## Present

* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)  - CommComm
* Ahmad Bamieh - CommComm
* Jem Bezooyen (@jembijoux)  - CommComm
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)  - CommComm
* Greg Wallace - Observer
* Manil Chowdhury  (@chowdhurian) - CommComm
* Medina Davis
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson) - CommComm
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)  - CommComm
* Tracy Lee - Observer
* Tracy Hinds - CommComm
* Zibby Keaton - Observer

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.
*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Initiatives

### Mentorship
Almost done with the first round, have some cool projects that folks have worked on
Hoping for more members to join in the next round

### User Feedback
Session scheduled through meetup now
First dry run / trial run of an online model
On September 12th 5pm eastern time

## Agenda


## Announcements

Tierney just added `good first issue` and `mentor available` on some specific issues that are in the CommComm repo (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/374)
Community Committee chair election is going on: there is a space for candidates to both add a candidate statement and answer some questions
For the voting, we’d like to use a non-FPTP (first past the post) method (like selecting the order of your vote)


*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* JS Interactive & Node Community Corner - Questions? [#211](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/211)
All the submissions and schedule fully laid out after meeting last week
Schedule will be published early next week
Issue in the `summit` repo with links to the spreadsheet / schedule
Collaborator summit agenda is looking good
Member companies very welcome to send swag (email ladyleet@nodejs.org) if there’s anything they want to give away at the collab summit.
Zibby also working on the voting for the JSI shirts! Poll closes today (but option one is winning as of right now!)
If there are any big wins in the community, or we want more collaborators, etc: send them Zibby’s way! Want to have content to share for state of node, etc
Very soon a form will go out for office hours for the community corner: if you can hang out please sign up
Joyee is going to help lead a hack area within the space
If you have not registered for the collaborator summit please do it sooner than later: 
If you’ve purchased a ticket, there should have been a checkbox about the collab summit also.
If you’re planning on just attending the collab summit, there are instructions on an issue
The code & learn might be maxed out for attendance (due to the mentee / mentor ratios)
There is an issue also around bringing topics and ideas for the collaborator summit.
Related: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/158


### nodejs/community-committee

* Individual Membership Subgroup Meeting - September 4th, 2018 [#366](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/366)
* Individual Membership Subgroup Recommendation [#365](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/365)
Both just reminders that these meetings are happening
Have an internal document (that should be scrubbed of anything sensitive) that we can start sharing around.
Meets every two weeks on mondays (11am pacific, 2pm eastern), next meeting on Sept 17th
By end of october we have a deadline to deliver a recommendation to the subcommittee
Definitely need more inputs, please join
An example: Github student bundle, part of education program. A way to distribute a bunch of devel resources easily
Related: https://education.github.com/pack
Perhaps this model could be reused for us for individual membership, instead of students it would be for members
Would provide incentives to member companies, provide value to members, and a good benefit to start driving the membership
Another option: humble bundle pricing model? What is a good minimum threshold?
Also from humble bundle: ranges that folks can donate against to get certain rewards
Example: some cloud providers or sponsors will give out credits for their services, which would not be too different from potential
If you’re passionate about getting representation, we need to 
Q: Is there any plan to engage with the community around what folks might actually want from a membership program and their membership director? 
Any proposal that we submit to the board needs to be backed by some data (would be ideal to gather some information)
(is this an opportunity for userfeedback to collaborate?: potentially but we have very limited time)
One idea: Brainstorm some ideas that would be valuable, then broadcast a survey to see what is relevant. Counter though: only going in with “our base ideas” without getting the feedback first could weaken the proposal
The tight timeline is specific to the individual membership directory seat (not the membership program itself)
There is a list of previous membership members that we can reach out to to gather some information, we’ll just need some support from foundation members (Zibby). (we don’t get the list, but we can make use of it via foundation employees)
There is a survey monkey / mailchimp account that the foundation can use
Adam has created an issue to kick off some info gathering: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/375
Lots of good suggestions in this document already: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GzNmv3effVQe8iHxvJCvhFS36WOlctQ0LB1zD4cYeHs/edit?usp=sharing

* Community Committee Chairperson September 2018 self-nominations [#363](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/363)


* Moderation Team Recertification 
[#361](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/361)
This is coming up!

* First pass at PARTNER_COMMUNITIES.md [#352](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/352)



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

