# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2018-11-29

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/421

## Present

- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)
- Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Rachel Romoff
- Amanda Ennis
- William Kapke
- Brian Warner
- Sofia
- Tracy Lee
- Ahmad Bamieh
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Sarah Conway

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* More thorough support for Travel Fund recipients [#239](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/239)
  * action -> create new email address
 * ACTION_ITEM: list what we can offer as support AND what we can’t offer as support in the visa help document
  
### nodejs/community-committee

* SproutSocial and Social Media Champions [#411](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/411)
  * Amanda reviewing work done by Zibby and plans to share on github possibly next week.

* Node Store Launch [#425](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/425)

 - Lots of questions about shipping!
 - Swag delivered to conferences to save on shipping?
 - Swag delivered to meetups using promo budget – code on website.
 - ACTION_ITEM: @amiller-gh New issue to discuss meetups swag.
 - ACTION_ITEM: @amiller-gh to play with store banner.

* Travel Fund Updates [#426](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/426)
  * Talked to good range of people about how we can make what has been allocated/spent
     more visible
  * markdown file is now the source of truth.
 - ACTION_ITEM: Hook in to PR open hook to add sum automagically. Open issue to investigate.

* Individual Membership Subgroup proposal request for feedback [#390](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/390)
  * Tracy/Adam have updates and will share suggested way forward in next say or so.

* Node.js Contributor Cards [#428](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/428)
 * action item: Manil to deploy static site prototype
  * defer to next time as Tierney is going to champion.

* Discussion - Merger - Community Committee across multiple projects [#414](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/414)
  - Joe to lead discussion in bootstrap

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Node.js Collection Suggested Updates and Changes [#31](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/issues/31)
  - Review of changes, introduced Rachel again, CTA to apply as editors.


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

