# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-03-08

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyqCO51ZHc8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/261
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rFQZE_KuNiFvFfcAamCT978bvJ9K3t9EeoLCcCdtTSE

## Present

- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Jem Bezooyen (@jembijoux)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Gregor Martynus (@gr2m)
- Manil (@chowdhurian)
- Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- William Kapke (@williamkapke)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Benjamin Zaslavsky (@Tiriel)
- Zibby Keaton (observer)
- Ahmad (@Bamieh observer)
- Abraham Agiri Jnr. (@codeekage)
- Waleed Ashraf (@WaleedAshraf observer)

## Invited

**CommComm Members**: @nodejs/community-committee

* @therebelrobot (Oz Haven - observer)
* @ParidelPooya (Pooya Paridel - observer)
* @rykerrumsey (Ryker Rumsey - observer)
* @baez (Behzad Karim - observer)
* @BinarySo1o (Therese Stirling - observer)
* @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - observer)
* @yosuke-furukawa (Yosuke Furukawa - observer)
* @Maurice-Hayward (Maurice Hayward - observer)
* @mikehostetler (Mike Hostetler - observer)
* @sarahkconway (Sarah Conway - observer)
* @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)
* @DiegoZoracKy (Diego ZoracKy - observer)
* @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
* @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)
* @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @pchrysa (Chrysa - observer)
* @foadlab (observer)
* @codeekage (Abraham Agiri - observer)
* @Voskan (Voskan Voskanyan - observer)
* @inidaname (Hasan Sani - observer)

## Agenda

- Initiative Review
- nodejs/summit
- Collaborator Summit Berlin 2018 - May 31st, June 1st 2018 #60
- nodejs/community-committee
- Diversity/Inclusivity Initiative? #260
- Re-creating official secretary role #241
- Automate Meeting Participant History Document #267
- Current Strategic Initiatives Review #222
- nodejs/mentorship
- communication channel for the matched mentor/mentee 's first meeting #11'

## Initiative Review / Update

### i18n

- Is going great!
- Couple of good meetings, met with crowdin to set it up
- Official working group meeting two days ago (good representation from electron team)
- getting into auditing the groups, some folks have stepped up to start language groups

### User Feedback

- Had first couple of feedback sessions, feedback for more feedback
- Folks in tooling space, Christopher Hillier (sp?) 
- Open call for participation and user feedback

### Mentorship

- Settled on communication channel (slack)
- (To be discussed later on in this meeting)

### Badges

- Good discussion online since last weekend, gaining momentum
- Couple of new folks starting to engage
- Planning first actual meeting in the next week and a half (after generating some steam)

### Community Events

- One of the first initiatives, but repo may be archived because of inactivity
- largely driven by a previous observer but they felt they didn't get the steam needed to move it forward
- Tierney offered to help promote that, and put word out for interest and additional supporters
- An issue will be created in next day or so
- Seems like it could be pretty tied to the Nodejs africa work: some contributors there really excited and might match up well

### nodejs/summit

* Collaborator Summit Berlin 2018 - May 31st, June 1st 2018 [#60](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/60)
- Dan, Tracy, and Olivia organizing
- Happens twice a year now, once in spring, once in fall
- Spring is in Berlin right before JSConf eu (first day AWS, second day Mozilla)
- Travel fund is available to members who would like to participate
- collaborator summit is great place to talk in person
- Trying to make these accessible for folks who can't travel to the states
- A great place for things that need to be revived / in person discussion to take place
- Any of the initiatives can self-select to have a session at the collaborator summit
- Somewhat unconference style: about who shows up
- Does someone have to attend JSConf to attend the collab summit: No (no registration fee, separate from attendance to JSConf)

## Agenda Topics

### nodejs/community-committee

### Diversity/Inclusivity Initiative? 

- [Issue #260](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/260)
- The purpose is to move things forward on the diversity/inclusivity subject
- wants to get some user feedback initially to see what is expected of general users and developers
- May have some cross over with some of the Nodejs africa initiative
- Some things need work
- would like to take on subjects of nonbinary gender and ensure community is welcoming
- there used to be an inclusivity working group that focused on this, group was archived.
- Now may be a good time to reinstate that
- This is an especially good issue to discuss at a collaborator summit (because online/github may not be best avenue)
- Want to ensure there is diverse representation
- Even looking at folks on call, we can do better to prioritize participation from diverse range of folks

### Re-creating official secretary role 

- [Issue #241](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/241)
- Context: under previous chair there was a secretary role that Tierney (/Jen) helped fill 
- Taking minutes, PR minutes in a timely manner
- Tierney has been doing the job of PRing minutes
- Does this need to be an existing member? No reason to, biggest commitment is time
- Good way for new folks to start getting involved
- Jem volunteers to also make the PRs, open to having other people involved
- We have quorum, any objections consensus pass to Jem taking this on. Passed. Thank you Jem! :D
- If there are other folks who have volunteered to be alternates: we can make a backup list
- Related to notes: list people by github name alphabetically

### Automate Meeting Participant History Document 

- [Issue #267](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/267)
- Adam created issue: some comments or concerns about the participant history doc can get out of date quickly
- Participant list could just be automated, little script was written to collect the data from the notes
- Questions on issue: Do want to automate? How do we automate? Where to deploy/host?
- Script can be run without any special privileges, can just be a jenkins job to run the script
- Script builds a static html page or markdown file
- Discussion about the format this should take and how to best automate
- Coverage / benchmarking do something similar to report data
- Possible to put on Heroku? More difficult though if we want to open access to the data
- could also presumably run for any of the working groups, just requires a meetings directory
- Might make sense to put this in the nodejs automation repo
- While there is discussion happening around membership, is this the best approach: yes related, topic should be discussed during the Restructuring meeting next week
- Tooling that makes this easier and obvious for everyone is definitely appreciated

### Current Strategic Initiatives Review 

- [Issue #222](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/222)
- No new progress on the issue itself
- Nothing to cover for now

### nodejs/mentorship

- [Mentorship #11]( https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/11)
- communication channel for the matched mentor/mentee's first meeting 
- wanted to choose a communication channel for mentors / mentees
- options were explored: decided to go with Slack 
- #nodejs-mentorship
- Some teams have their own slack networks, so that is surfacing as an okay method to use
- Once concern is that it's not always persistent: not so much that the messages need to last a long time
- Has Discord been considered? Findings: It's person oriented rather than team oriented.
- Ryan Lewis may have talked with slack and we may be able get an enterprise channel so that history isn't an issue
- currently the slack channel is under Ahmads personal email, CommComm chair should be the owner
- can we use node-slackers rather than creating a new slack team, some existing groups already exist on there. Already some knowledge sharing happening on there.
- Concerns that this slack group might slow things down: on the contrary this might speed things up
- Want to get two google forms into the foundation: appeal to Mark for addressing this sooner

## Q&A, Other

## Default Licenses

From Legal Committee, Approved by Board on Monday. RE:

[ https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195 ](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
[ https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/245 ](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/245)
[ https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/pull/23 ](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/pull/23)

### Summary from Legal Committee Discussion:

- Do not strip or alter existing copyright notices.
- Other projects have utilized "[Foundation Name or Project Name] and its contributors".
- Adding dates is not preferable. It does not have a legal impact and would be excluded only for ease of administration.
- If a file is updated by the project past the original author, one may add the project copyright notice.
- SPDX tagging (https://spdx.org/) can be helpful for scanning when adding new files 

### New Discussion:

- Non code repos: MIT may be inappropriate since language is specifically around software
- Might want to make another request to legal committee
- What do we do for mostly writing / process repos?
- What do we do for design assets?
- What do we do for "bits of code"?
- What do we do with data and user feedback?
- Once we put a license up, don't touch it. Changing is worse than waiting to put the right one.
- Would be good to come up with examples for clarity. 
- Should we use SNCL (Simple Non Code License)
- Open ended questions to legal committee can take a lot of time.
- Jem will open an issue with these questions, folks should think about potential examples 

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
