# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-03-22

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z18y5_mtnpQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/279
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FGaeSlkiiM8sFGn0l_qLF0qEmXtlv-vYTQ8k4GbyjyM/edit

## Present

- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds member)
- @JemBijoux (Jem Bijoux member)
- @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury member)
- @obensource (Ben Michel member)
- @tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky observer)
- @williamkapke (William Kapke - Individual Membership Director)
- @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
- @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
- @elainechan (Elaine Chan - observer)
- @amiller-gh (Adam Miller – Member)
- @dshaw (Dan Shaw - Member)
- @joesepi (Joe Sepi - Member)
- @codeekage (Agiri Abraham - observer)
- @oe (Olivia - Member)

## Agenda

- nodejs/summit
- Collaborator Summit Berlin 2018 - May 31st, June 1st 2018 #60
- nodejs/admin
- Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available #99
- nodejs/community-committee
- Automate Meeting Participant History Document #267
- Define Working Group expectations and create boilerplate #201
- nodejs/mentorship
- communication channel for the matched mentor/mentee 's first meeting #11

## Initiative Review / Updates:

### i18n
- Not as much activity recently
- Looking for others to share the leadership 
- Folks in localization groups stepping up

### Badges
- not been able to develop actual content
- there’s increased engagement on the repo
- first meeting to be done soon

### User Feedback
- Great interest in public session
- March 30th (9am PDT): getting together the tooling space folks to share (with some TSC and CommComm). General meet and greet.
- Positive engagement so far!
- Public User Feedback Session focused on Node.js Tooling: https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/38

### Mentorship
- Tomorrow team meeting (9am PDT) if you’re interested in getting involved
- Ahmad taking this on, Dan helping
- Actively setting up the team
- Need more individuals and more representation
- Join the Mentorship team: https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/12
- Dan needs access to calendar (add self to readme in admin repo as submitted pr)
- (Mark tried to add, on todo list, didn’t quite get it done yet)

## Agenda Topics

### nodejs/summit: Collaborator Summit Berlin 2018 - May 31st, June 1st 2018

- [Issue #60](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/60)
- Collaborator Summit Berlin 2018 - May 31st, June 1st 2018
- Olivia added this point to the agenda (not in attendance initially)
- Previously talked about preparing our session, will table temporarily and address on issue 
- Start preparing if you are going to come; pairing with JSconf EU. Lots of collaborators there.

### nodejs/admin: Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available 

- [Issue #99](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/99)
- Anybody on the call who is a CommComm member has privilege and responsibility to ratify travel fund requests
- Need to follow certain steps: read the travel document to understand what you can approve and how.
- Take responsibility if you approve and funds aren’t available that you may have set someone back who doesn’t have it available
- There is no “bot” that watches for approval, (process could be improved?)
- There are quite a few people waiting for approval (help out!)
- Need to be careful about approving because some folks may not have been aware of what they should be approving.
- Supposed to have a monthly checkin with TSC / CommComm chairs to confirm the totals from the accounting side so we stay ahead of the game 
- Expenses also need to be submitted in a timely manner (don’t submit last years invoices this year)
- Should we report at a meeting on the status of the travel fund: yes
- Mark mentioned getting reports close to the 15th every month, so we can plan to report shortly after
- Tracy: reviewed existing funds requests: They all look good but I’d appreciate resolving conflicts and then I’ll merge them.

### nodejs/community-committee: Automate Meeting Participant History Document 

- [Issue #267](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/267)
- Automatically added by the script, but no movement since last week (nothing to report)

### nodejs/community-committee: Define Working Group expectations and create boilerplate * 

- [Issue #201](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/201)
- Attempt to add documentation about what working groups are
- Issue is action item to begin working on that
- Added to meeting today because it’s come up 3 or 4 times in the past couple weeks
- We don’t have documentation about what a working group is, so how do we have working groups
- Need to begin working on this again, especially as interest in working groups is growing
- Tied to the definition of membership, should that work be finished first? It should be developed in tandem.
- Meeting every other week about membership that is open to members and observers alike.
- Since there have been two meetings, good to start checking in more regularly
- Lots of discussion about what the definition of collaborator is in other threads. 
- Should talk about what the current definition is and also about how they should change
- Seems to be confusion on multiple levels about whether someone can participate if they’re not part of commcomm, or not part of a working group. (hint: you can)
- Next meeting is next week, 1-2pm EDT, Tuesday (on calendar now)
- Recognize that not everyone is able to participate in that discussion but that everyone is interested. 
- Essentially this discussion is the “membership initiative”; they will surface the work they’ve done back to the CommComm
- Create an issue that outlines folks volunteering and the objectives, and to capture as a document. Create documents in CommComm folder
- Will the member of the sub group be members of the commcomm?: nothing will change there, but it’s open definitely to observers and members. Trying to figure all this out. Someone may just want to work with a specific group and we want to empower them to just do that without necessarily joining CommComm.
- (Some people in the meeting aren't full members and helped to suggest some of this. That perspective has been useful for the discussions.)
- Until further notice, still continuing with existing process

### nodejs/mentorship: communication channel for the matched mentor/mentee 's first meeting 

- [Issue #11](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/11)
- Applied to NodeSlackers during last meeting, no response
- People maybe having issues getting into the slack, should just be a form that can be submitted and you should get the invite automatically
- Tierney will reach out to make sure it’s working alright

### nodejs/community-committee: How should we address licenses for non-code initiatives / projects?

- [Issue #271](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/271)
- Possibly some of this exists already
- There was a discussion recently about this, tldr: don’t change licenses if you’ve already defined
- Best practices: if you update a file you can add. Don’t use dates.
- There’s an SPDX tagging system that identifies licenses
- Could come up with requests about what we should use for legal
- Until we can get a recommendation, we’re blocked from adding them. Some licenses may not apply, but no license can also be a blocker
- Issue linked outlines a couple of examples that we need to establish
- User feedback deferred to foundation for this, which is why we need some examples
- Link from Ahmed in chat as another example: https://github.com/github/balanced-employee-ip-agreement
- Tierney added a couple of examples on the issue; maybe there can be a followup with Mark directly afterwards.
- Would it make sense to have someone from legal join a CommComm meeting so we can ask questions: Mark will ask (no promises, might not make sense)

## Q&A, Other New Discussion

- Daylight savings! Miscommunication about the time to do the meeting!
- (Ben and everyone thank Tracy for her hard work getting everyone together in Berlin!)

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

