
# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2018-07-26

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/355
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UU7KmG3bnRkD-QZcW12Vs4Vbvu1qoNsuF4kbG83ZTpU/edit

## Present

- JemBezooyen (@jembijoux)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Manil (@chowdhurian)
- Rafael Ackermann (@refack)
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Tracy Lee (@ladyleet)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
- William Kapke 
- Ahmad Bamieh (@bamieh)
- Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.
*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements

### Mentorship
Started doing the matching up
Getting into first steps of mentorship
Working group always looking for more mentors to join, a new issue will be opened to coordinate with 

### User Feedback
Had a general user feedback session
Interesting to see how a specific / niche topic will draw lots of attention, while “open ended discussion” has less engagement.
Usually want to leave space for open general feedback but uncertain if that’s constructive

### Website Redesign
Forging ahead with design and content creation phase
Great conversations about starting first rounds of content

### collab summit attached to js interactive
Happening in october, 12 and 13th
Announcement has gone out but is empty around specific sessions currently
Last collab summit we had meetings around modules, streams, website redesign, etc
Last time there were two days (first day structured, second day unstructured)
Feedback after last time was that folks like the structure, so will be all structured
Zibby mentions an issue in the past about folks who are there for the code and learn and then wait for the collab summit.
Collab summit will not necessarily be as guided or an onboarding component.
The one in the Berlin we invited folks not part of the project to join discussions
Very task oriented. Valuable to have everyone together.
Do not want to create barriers to anyone joining, but want to be clear that it moves fast
Looking to finalize sessions before the end of August, so if you’re thinking about sessions please submit asap

### Community Committee Corner at JSI
Node.js project is going to have a community corner where the project will be able to have talks and do our own thing (during JS interactive)
How can we get people from the community committee involved and sharing content?
30 minute segments: panels or specific talks
And fun stuff too!
Tracy Lee (@ladyleet) looking for CommComm to help with programming
(Node store also coming soon.)
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* First pass at PARTNER_COMMUNITIES.md [#352](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/352)
PR is looking alright, one or two questions on the pull request.
Tierney will add a small definition to the pr about what is a partner community
Let’s get this approved as is, we can iterate on this.
(on that note, the comment about adding Node Africa can be addressed after the first pass)
If no requests for changes in next couple days Tierney will merge

* Create ONBOARDING.md [#342](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/342)
Should the process around becoming a member be added to doc? No, it belongs elsewhere, don’t want to maintain in multiple places
Specific intent of this document is for onboarding new member
Lots of great content here (contributions from Manil and Tierney)
One issue still was around how versed folks are with project practices. Could improve some of that still.


### nodejs/user-feedback

* Public User Feedback request - Promises [#77](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/77)
Will result in a survey
If you want user feedback on anything “Promise” related, now is your time to get that in before a survey is going out.]

## Q&A, Other

One question about some of the existing CommComm issues that are looking stale.
Agiri has compiled a list of issues that we could mark stale
Only point of process here is to make sure we ping the issue and ask if it’s truly inactive. Check in first, but we can always re-open issues
Do we have this documented? Someone should file a pr to the contributing to note the process around closing stale issues

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

