# Node.js Foundation Community Committee (CommComm) Meeting 2018-01-25

## Links


* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/050aEhL4L8o
* **GitHub Issue:** https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/226
* **Minutes Google Doc:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wUyF-uE3ulKpDJ7_xYr_0L5DltKWG8n37gQFsexa-y4/edit?usp=sharing
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc:** 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ct96kVuGAxcA602ca0gfYN4vAM8G_6ypH4CtwBU38Yo/edit?usp=sharing


## Present
- @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)
- @chowdhurian (Manil - CommComm)
- @pup (Olivia Hugger - CommComm)
- @gr2m (Gregor Martynus - CommComm)
- @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - CommComm)
- @obensource (Ben Michel - CommComm)
- @rachelnicole (Rachel White - CommComm)
- @bnb (Tierney Cyren - CommComm)
- @williamkapke (William Kapke - CommComm)
- @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - observer)
- @Maurice-Hayward (Maurice Hayward - observer)
- @SarahKConway (Sarah Conway - observer)
- @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
- @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)
- @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
- @fathyb (Fathy Boundjadj - observer)
- @WaleedAshraf (Waleed Ashraf- observer)
- @mrhinkle (Mark Hinkle - observer)

## Notes

Extracted from cc-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the nodejs org prior to the meeting.
Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Agenda Items:
- Report from initiatives
- Documentation Discussion during diagnostics WG meeting #163
- Explain inclusivity better #117
- If someone submits a PR, should we invite them as an Observer? #143
- Mentorship Initiative #206
- Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114
- Current Strategic Initiatives Review #222
- Charter, expectations and responsibilities nodejs/enterprise-advisory-group/5
- Issuing badges for contributors #212


### Initiatives update

Internationalization working group
- Seeking approval of localization groups
- Will be emailing representatives
- Is there an official Foundation template that can be used?
- https://github.com/nodejs/i18n
- Proposal: https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/internationalizing-node-js-fe7761798b0a

Website Redesign
- Meeting next week: on First of February
- There is now an official repository, list should be updated (it’s still pointing to the issue)
- There has been strong interest for people to contribute at the early stage, even before development

User Feedback
- Organizational Meeting tomorrow to finalize details for the 9th of Feb first public meeting
- Emails have been sent out to get individuals who are interested in participating
- IBM index 2018 (Feb 20th): Dan/Michael/Tierney/Gregor attending
- (Related: https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/44 )

### Agenda Discussions
## Report from initiatives


## Documentation Discussion during diagnostics WG meeting #163
- Looking for help to document the process
- Document the process of documenting :)
- Maybe come up with a process that can be reproducible in future documentation
- Is the issue that they’re not documenting themselves
- They want help with documentation, and CommComm can bring perspective
- Perhaps they can get started with what works for now
- It’s okay to revise as things go: good first step is to have a place where people can go that want to help or make suggestions
- TODO: Create an issue to create a baseline documentation template
- Manil / Dan / Ben will have a meeting with the diagnostics working group

## Explain inclusivity better #117
- Good long thread
- Worth examining if this is something other open source projects have attempted, “don’t reinvent the wheel”
- io.js has a values document that explains some of the concepts about why we care about inclusivity
- https://github.com/ayojs/ayo/blob/latest/VALUES.md
- Hoodie may be another source, may not have a ready document
- Dan has done some research but turned up limited resources
- Rachel will (maybe) reach out to Gregor, Olivia will be involved
- Ben / Jem also interested 

## If someone submits a PR, should we invite them as an Observer? #143
- People don’t submit PR’s if they’re not already a member
- There is another discussion happening about membership
- TODO: link to 143 from new discussion #224
- CommComm is in a position where we need to grow. Actively inviting new members is a good way do this. We don’t know if individuals who submit PRs expect to be invited. The Observer concept is tough to digest for a new person.
- We can maybe share with people who submit PRs other ways to be involved.

## Mentorship Initiative #206
- Discussion tabled...

## Internationalization/Localization Working Groups #114
- Got an update from the initiative, we’ll discuss this as part of the initiative updates at start of meeting


## Current Strategic Initiatives Review #222
- Some initiatives are not super active and maybe should be on hold
- (community-events / evangelism)
- TODO: Do some review of initiatives in list and clean up a bit
- Expectation: at least two or three individuals involved for it to be a CommComm supported
- Node.js Collection has steady stream of good editors / contributors. Zibby does lots with this. One of the more active projects. (Open to feedback about how to make process more inclusive.)
- Often the issue is CommComm members may not be aware of activity in groups, and updates could be brought back to CommComm.
- Typical process: if there is something to update on, you update. If not, we move on.
- Initiatives should be pinged; some are active, some may be eclipsed or disbanded

## Charter, expectations and responsibilities nodejs/enterprise-advisory-group/5
- No new updates: still moving towards next meeting
- Action is to actively invite and inform people of intent
- TODO: remove CC agenda label by @bnb


## Issuing badges for contributors #212
- Maurice, Rachel, Ben (Benjamin Zaslavsky?), Adam are interested
- It’s been discussed as hex stickers for each individual working group as a nice community building tool. Each group could share their stickers.
- The above would mean that we need someone to design. Reference made to NodeSchool sticker template, but how it relates to #212 is undetermined.


## Q&A

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
