# Node.js Foundation Community Committee
## Meeting 2018-10-04

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZWES7mh2no
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/387
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GDnLsYnc7DwXCZMdDh7NwSkG_EIvnCTwHdwFMAj_3YM/edit

## Present

- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Refael Ackeramnn (@refack)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Ahmad Bamieh (@Bamieh)
- Jem Bezooyen (@JemBijoux)
- William Kapke (@williamkapke)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Agiri Abraham Jr (@codeekage)

## Invited

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.
*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [[PSA] JS Interactive & Node Community Corner - Questions? #211](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/211)
- [[ANNOUNCEMEN]: Collab Summit Attendance Survey #115](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/115)
- [Partner Community: LinkedIn Group #185](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/185)
- [Individual Membership Subgroup Proposal RFC #390](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/390)
- [Moderation Team Recertification #361](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/361)
- [Change language as defined by NF Legal #384](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/384)
- [Charter changes: remove redundancies #385](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/385)
- [Ask the CommComm – Questions for the Community Corner CommComm Panel #378](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/378)
- [Establishing a communication channel for embargoed communication #382](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/382)

## Initiatives

### Website Redesign

- Good meeting last week, chatted about what is going to be presented at the conference
- continued talking about content and process
- Flavio dropped some impressive content that would be very cool to work with: https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-definitive-node-js-handbook-6912378afc6e

### User Feedback

- Dan was unable to attend the last user feedback meeting
- Joe has raised his hand about getting more involved!
- Day to day coordination is a little blocked because of Dan’s availability.

### Mentorship

- Some chatting recently about how to present at the conference
- Going to try to get some traction from mentors at the event
- Some discussion with Zibby about how to share some of the assets
- Adam said “synergistic”

## Agenda Discussion

### JS Interactive & Node Community Corner - Questions? [#211](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/211)

- PSA ticket around the community corner at N+JS Interactive
- Still looking for folks to sign up for office hours

### [ANNOUNCEMENT]: Collab Summit Attendance Survey [#115](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/115)

- Attendance survey for collab summit
- CALL: If you haven’t taken it go take it
- need the data so folks can decide the order of sessions

### Partner Community: LinkedIn Group [#185](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/185)

- Node.js group on linkedin has a ton of people
- Someone from commcomm join that group
- Folks can be overwhelmed with the volume of the group
- Would be a good channel to work with
- What type of goals do we have for this group?
- How much work can/should go into managing group.
- Zibby is creating an initial document to jot down some of the initial framework around this
- Opportunity for a potential second partner community
- Reach out if you’re interested in helping with this.
- Should issue be closed? Not before we officially add NodeSlackers as partner committee. Could include a note about the reasoning why we’re leaving open a little longer...

### Individual Membership Subgroup Proposal RFC [#390](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/390)

- Met this last week
- Why the RFC? 
- At end of month, tasked with individual membership, and asked to make a proposal about how it could evolve.
- Have been meeting weekly and coalescing around an individual membership model and incentive model
- Do we believe individual membership is meaningful and important to node: yes
- How do we make it feel meaningful to everyone in the foundation
- The model we’re gathering around takes cues from the github education student developer pack. Github’s program provides folks new to programming ecosystem incentives and partner benefits (largely comprised of partner benefits). 
- We have all these amazing member companies, so the idea is we connect the dots. When someone joins as an individual member they don’t only gain the discounts, but it also connects them to the ecosystem.
- 100 can be a lot of money for some folks, so proposing a humble bundle style flex pricing.
- RFC document (which is currently work in progress, but feedback requested): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GzNmv3effVQe8iHxvJCvhFS36WOlctQ0LB1zD4cYeHs/edit 
- Deadline is for individual membership director (end of october) (and was set because of foundation cadence, end of year). If we’re bringing in money for membership, it should be for the membership. Deadline isn’t for this proposal specifically but it’s ideal to have it in time
- If you have any questions about this document, there IS an onsite board meeting next week
- One direct question to ask: Proposal requires a certain mass of members (2000) then individual membership director would kick in. (is this workable?)
- Should establish a feedback mechanism with the members
- Question: it seems like this is a regression since we already get individual representation, this adds a requirement. Response: the representation isn’t great so far, so this needs to be reviewed
- How did we land at the 2000? We took the number we have today and looked at the over 10million users we have in the nodejs community at large. The potential is high! Wanted to find a number that represents meaningful growth, but is relatively arbitrary.
- Suggestion that we take all 576 github members and convert them
- Suggestion to sell this as a “reset” of the program
- If folks have suggestions please add to the proposal

### Moderation Team Recertification [#361](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/361)

- Everyone is recertified! Woohoo!
- Adam will comment with results and close the issue.
- Quick update on actions taken by moderation team. (fill in later)
- We’ll add a standing agenda item to cover this a little sooner every meeting

### Change language as defined by NF Legal [#384](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/384)

- Proposal for some changes to the charter accidentally got merged early
- Have to jump through some hoops to get things back in order
- This pr is to reverted some of the previous changes that were merged in error and is not finalized until voted on
- Some additional changes were suggested, so they’ve been broken out into 385
- Should not be merged until the board has fully approved

### Charter changes: remove redundancies [#385](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/385)

- This has some additional amendments that we don’t want to just group into 384
- 385 is still missing some things
- Sooner we can get this amended and +1’d the better 
- (This is the final landing of shifting away from observer based membership.)
- Would be great if everyone could add feedback here.
- Question: can we merge this into a single PR? Answer: think of 384 as having landed since it represents a change we’ve already proposed, so 385 is the official “next step”, all new work lands here.
- Question: As we make changes to the individual membership director, since we don’t have answers yet, we should be careful about commital language. Answer: This should be defined already. Let’s document as is today and introduce changes later.

### Ask the CommComm – Questions for the Community Corner CommComm Panel [#378](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/378)

- Call for folks to add questions for the panel for the commcomm panel at njsi
- Share this far and wide

### Establishing a communication channel for embargoed communication [#382](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/382)

- Discussion on the thread is going in a positive direction
- Was inspired because of some surprise about how much communication goes on in email
- The charter suggests that we be open, but it’s difficult if it’s happening on closed channels without history.
- The intent of the issue is to add some language to define the status quo, and possibly try to improve it a little bit
- Ideal situation would be to have an improved communication channel that members can review
- If someone missed being added to the mailing list, that’s terrible, but we have onboarding docs now
- Guidelines for communication should address both github AND other forms of communication. (The body exists outside of the communication channels.)
- WRT excessive use of private comms channels: Adam says he’s seen it used very rarely over the past year
- Archiving is very important.

### Announcement:

https://techcrunch.com/2018/10/04/the-node-js-and-javascript-foundations-want-to-merge/

Three places where you can engage in this dicsussion.
- A townhall later today
- A QA session at node interactive
- A governance session at collaborators summit
- There are also plans for another possible QA session.
- Lots of ways to engage with this, welcome feedback
- Engagement doesn’t end after the conference

## Q&A, Other

- Greetings from the chat!

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

