# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-05-17

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jL0Eg1pdE0w
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/311
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ynEM_MM9-K9EyWvC7avSplLHd7I73zNjSkXY7kwBySA/edit

## Present

* @SarahKConway (Sarah Conway - observer)
* @rachelnicole (Rachel White - member)
* @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain - observer)
* @amiller-gh (Adam MIller - member)
* @mhdawson (Michael Dawson - member)
* @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - member)
* @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - member)
* @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds - member)
* @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)
* @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury - member)
* @refack (Refael Ackermann - Member)
* @obensource (Ben Michel - Member)

## Invited

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee
* @DiegoZoracKy (Diego ZoracKy - observer)
* @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
* @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @pchrysa (Chrysa - observer)
* @foadlab (observer)
* @codeekage (Abraham Agiri - observer)
* @Voskan (Voskan Voskanyan - observer)
* @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)
* @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain - observer)
* @elainechan (Elaine Chan - observer)

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate to add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- ["Priority Document" outlining areas of greatest need for Node.js ecosystem #38](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/38)
- [We need more active members of the WG #32](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/32)
- [Set a Code of Conduct for mentors and mentees #31](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/31)
- [readme: add link to unofficial discord #20508](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20508)

### Tabled for next meeting...

- [Create a mentorship subgroup focused on to identify 6 month projects in Node.js #30](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/30)
- [Record and serve the meetings in audio format #232](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/232)
- [2018-04-27 Public User Feedback Meeting - Enterprise Use Case #52](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/52)
- [Node.js Extended Color Palette #42](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/42)


## Initiatives

### Internationalization

- Integrate repo with crowdin, 
- minor roadblock: We don’t integrate 3rd party services with node repos, so working-group looking for approval 
- Working on CI / testing / scaffolding and targeting languages
- There is an issue in admin about bot policy, so we might be able to approve
- Can we just vote on this here and now? Not quite yet...
- Discussion about what the bot may need privilege wise
- We need to determine “what it could mess up” before we can vote. 
- If it’s well contained then it’s probably easy to approve, but more requirements means more discussion.
- WG will provide more definition before a vote.

### Mentorship

- Evaluating a go-forward structure
- Huge amount of mentees have signed up
- Determining best model to help / serve those folks with just a limited number of mentors
- There are a couple of proposals from team members, and group would like feedback.
- @SarahKConway shared: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/mentoring
  (might want to check out what k8s community is hoping to get off the ground if you are still seeking more mentoring ideas)

### User Feedback

- Going well! No news!

### Website Redesign

- Good meeting last week
- Talked about new website and  Node.js design system for consistency.
- Design system needs to be released before we can make open call for design work
- Possible corporate design resource donations: maybe orgs that will put forward design work


## Discussion

Prioritizing mentorship issues today because of items being tabled a lot recently.

### nodejs/mentorship "Priority Document" outlining areas of greatest need for Node.js ecosystem

- Last meeting @detrohutt opened an issue about where people can get started (working groups, initiatives, etc)
- We agreed to give an intro to some of the working-groups and for @detrohutt to start documenting
- @mhdawson will followup again this week

### nodejs/mentorship We need more active members of the WG

- We need more members from various working groups to join
- Good discussion happening on the issue, forward progress 
- (but always need more folks still, go help!)

### nodejs/mentorship: Set a Code of Conduct for mentors and mentees

- Agreed to use the same code of conduct that we're using across other Node.js groups
- This is where the issue of the 1v1 or 1vMany relationship of mentorship comes up
- Slack and written mediums are a whole different environment than being on a live video call
- If general Node.js CoC isn't enough, worth checking out event codes or other examples (listed below)
- Good code of conducts out there, such as ‘geek feminism’, JSConf 
- If things (related to Code of Conducts, etc) are identified during the course of mentorship that could be approved, please pr it!

#### Related Resources 

- http://jsconf.com/codeofconduct.html (CoC example)
- https://www.contributor-covenant.org/ (supplementary example)
- http://www.writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/ (supplementary example)
- **removed link to pycascades CoC since it returns a 404** (supplementary example)
- https://js.foundation/community/code-of-conduct/enforcement (enforcement guide)

### nodejs/node: readme: add link to unofficial discord

- There are various communication channels, some are not considered “official”
- There is an opportunity for us to link to some that are “unofficial” just to add awareness
- Should there be a threshold for a new community communication channels being added?
- Long standing issue about moving official communications to something like Discord. We haven’t landed on a solution.
- Node Slackers slack group (in use by the mentorship wg) agreed to use the Node.js moderation policy and code of conduct as a baseline for their community.
- Because of the adoption of the moderation policy and coc we’ve been able to pull that one is an `unofficial official` community.
- Tierney set up an unofficial nodejs community on discord. Not long before, however, Reactiflux also created a “Nodeiflux” community that is currently far more active than the node discord
- How do we enable communities to thrive and succeed?
- If they’re interested in working with us by enforcing the CoC / Moderation policy, could list them
- We need to be able to say “these are not a part of the foundation, but they will enforce the moderation guidelines”
- Perhaps we have someone who is a “verified champion” (better term: partner?) to each alternate community channel
- A good starting point would be that active members can be made admins on these communities (and agreement on code of conduct)
- We should document: Tierney will create an issue to begin documenting this process.
- Do we continue working on the existing pull request, or link to a new document?
- Need to open PR to move list of communication channels to a document in the CommComm repo.

**Public session timeboxed for 30 minutes followed by a private meeting**

## Q&A, Other

- n/a today!

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

