# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2018-02-08

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/hJZzgGZBCXo
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/238
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ekp_r1f0RDcUKJWi44_e72Fafvz6oyck9u9NQDCwuE4/edit?usp=sharing

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Manil (@chowdhurian)
* Mark Hinkle (@mrhinkle)
* Olivia (@oe)
* Ahmad Bamieh (@bamieh - observer)
* Sarah
* @sarahkconway (Sarah Conway - observer)
* @kapke (WIlliam Kapke - member)
* @sarahnovotny (Sarah Novotny - observer)
* @foadlab (observer)
* @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds - member)
* @Maurice-Hayward (Maurice Hayward - observer)
* @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - observer)
* @obensource(Ben Michel - member)
* @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
* @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)
* @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)
* Pierre Neter
* @joesepi (Joe Sepi - member)
* @WaleedAshraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)


## Agenda

## Announcements
 
* Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Mini-Ambassador Program (Let NF know if you are interested in participating)  [#228](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/228)
  * Zibby has heard from board, community
    * how do we expand our awareness at other conferences outside the core Node.js ones.  
    * also thinking about having bigger presence in those that are focussed on under represented
       groups
    * EdgeX has some ambassadors on website.
    * Tierney what are the asks for individuals.  Zibby would reach out to those people when there
       was a CFP to see if person was interested.  They would help with reviewing the abstracts
       and even the talks.
  * People should post their interest in the issue, along with 

* Current Strategic Initiatives Review [#222](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/222)
  * Internationalization
    * Have written the intl groups, generally good response so far
    * looking to close agreement by the 15th
  * Website
    * 1st meeting last week.  Decided first step is to analyse current site to understand
       content structure.  
    * put in place base processes(how often meet etc).
    * next meeting next week
  * User feedback
   * In-person session going on at Index in 2 weeks
   * Session during regular meeting tomorrow (Friday) with those who have volunteered
     to get regularly involved.
  * questions about initiative around Node.js use cases (app showcase), should CommComm
    be involved/helping to promote.
  * Moderation 
    * no significant moderation activity this week.
  * action: leave on agenda in case any discussion needs to be had

* Meeting for reviewing membership guidelines #234
  * Olivia: gaging interest
  * Tracy: community comm members role is to support the people who are part of the running 
     Initiatives running. What does it mean to be participating in the CommComm work? Attending 
     this meeting shouldn’t be the requirement for being a member vs doing things in the repo.
  * Ben: Purpose is to empower people to contribute without being member. 
  * Sarah: Across governance conversations, I’m interested in helping.  I’m better for feedback and framing than drafting as I’m newer to the community

* Mentorship Initiative [#206](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/206)
  * Ahmad: Previously opened an issue and have established getting help.
  * Call for members to participate/assist with guidance
  * Will open issue in nodejs/node repo as next step to introduce and ask for mentors.


* NodeJS Africa Comm-Comm [#237](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/237)
 * Olivia: it’s a call of action for the Node project to extend into the regional tech community. A
   NodeSchool was organized in a city in Nigeria(?).
 * Proposed solution is to respond with explicitly stating our capacity and what we can provide in
   terms of resources.
 * Michael: They may be looking for approval, that the idea would be informally endorsed.
 * Ambassador program information is to be shared.


## Q&A, Other

* Issuing badges for contributors
[#212](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/212)
   * Minutes from previous meeting where it was discussed.
   * Adam: There will be movement on this over the next week or two.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
