# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-05-03

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qodESjBb62I
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/300
* **Minutes Google Doc** :https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B1niZ3uIDEtOdksQgIjWH_M0vhcjNmX9PFSuz9NajUA/edit

## Present

- @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh)
- @JemBijou (Jem Bezooyen - member)
- @bnb (Tierney Cyren - member)
- @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - member)
- @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury - member)
- @dshaw (Dan Shaw - member)
- @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)
- @annmarietonog (Ann Marie Tonog - observer) 
- @joesepi (Joe Sepi - member)
- @ladyleet (Tracy Lee - observer)
- @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds - member)
- Zibby Keaton - observer
- @detrohutt (A.J. Roberts - guest)
- @jiasm (Shunming Jia - observer)
- @mdawson (Michael Dawson - member)
- @codeekage (Abraham Agiri - observer)

## Invited: 

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee
* @DiegoZoracKy (Diego ZoracKy - observer)
* @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
* @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @pchrysa (Chrysa - observer)
* @foadlab (observer)
* @codeekage (Abraham Agiri - observer)
* @Voskan (Voskan Voskanyan - observer)
* @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain - observer)
* @elainechan (Elaine Chan - observer)
* @annmarietonog (Ann Marie Tonog - observer) 

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [Bots + Apps in the Org](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1247)
- [Wiki Management](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/525)
- [Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/99)
- [CommComm Membership: Call For Feedback on New Definitions](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/276)
- ["Priority Document" outlining areas of greatest need for Node.js ecosystem](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/38) **Added mid-meeting**

### Tabled for next meeting...

- [Record and serve the meetings in audio format](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/232)
- [2018-04-27 Public User Feedback Meeting - Enterprise Use Case](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/52)
- [We need more active members of the WG](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/32)
- [Set a Code of Conduct for mentors and mentees](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/31)
- [Create a mentorship subgroup focused on to identify 6 month projects in Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/30)


## Initiatives

### User Feedback

- Deep dive into telus with enterprise focused session
- Next week doing a general feedback session
- would love help and support in getting the message out

### Moderation

- Nothing major to report (outside of one blocked user)

### Website Initiative

- Agreed that we’re complete with the IA phase
- Moving into design phase
- Want to avoid too much design by committee, so we’re still working out how to best do this
- Would love to go in direction of “community-design”, but we can look at getting the foundation to have a designer do it
- Foundation itself just went through a redesign: are we looking at that? (is it informing us?): Generally the two designs are very different, though there is a duplication of information. 
- Wireframes that we currently have wouldn’t work well with the default “linux foundation” template. Unification would be good, but not essential?

## Discussion

### nodejs/build: Bots + Apps in the Org #1247

- Has come up a few times recently (unfortunately not all stakeholders on call)
- We want to use bots in the github org for one purpose or another (website redesign, i18n, etc)
- Work was done previously around that, how do we go forward with this?
- Can come down to “what privileges does the bot need”? If it’s something we need to do outside of what we’ve normally done then need to explore. 
- Some context missing today, we should follow up on that repo / issue
- Lot’s of folk want to do things around this, so defining explicit documentation (or locating/updating the documentation) would be helpful
- Permissions are definitely static, so a reference is needed
- Tierney will create an issue in the admin repo and ask

### nodejs/TSC: Wiki Management #525

- The wiki was out of date; had stale information
- Some information on nodejs.org, not great to have two different places for information
- (may have also been triggered by some wiki vandalism)
- Wiki may already be disabled and we’ll all converge on one spot: if you know of something useful pull it over
- Might want to add an issue to the website redesign repo (or a link to some getting started content)

### nodejs/admin: Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available #99

- Nothing new to report here
- Might need to define a treasurer on the tsc side, Jem is still volunteering from CommComm side
- Next step: PR into repo about “the how” the treasurer will proceed
- The reason for a treasurer is to have someone who can provide the context, so having someone on the TSC side could be helpful
- Position it: we’ve selected jem from commcomm to do the role. Let us know if there are concerns. If you want to be involved as well, let us know.
- Interesting opportunity to invest in an “admin role” that could be more cross functional. Can be a shared thing.
- Myles proposed some cross functional tsc / comm comm meetings, might be a good time to think about those again. (Good topic for those meetings: budget checkin, collab summit updates)

### nodejs/community-committee: CommComm Membership: Call For Feedback on New Definitions #276

- A lot of definitions have gone into a pr that has been broadly accepted.
- There were no objections, so it was pushed to the board
- There will still be other todos and PR’s that come out of this. (emeriti needs further detail, errata pr)
- Probably other work that needs to happen around working groups, and empowering other groups (working groups)
- When big changes happen from a sub committee, we document it in some sort of history file so we have a record. (HISTORY.md? Changelog?)

### nodejs/mentorship: "Priority Document" outlining areas of greatest need for Node.js ecosystem

- Is there a document about best things to work on for ecosystem
- created a plan for what they thought it should look like
- https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/38
- there is a “getting started” repo: https://github.com/nodejs/getting-started, but this could supersede that
- (also “first-issue” label; some things might not always be labelled)
- You can look at the different working groups and explore some of the issues on there
- @bnb / @mdawson / @detrohutt will get together 
- This aligns well with the mentorship program
- @codeekage will ask around about whether they can tag some items as first-issue
- Getting started has “aged out” semi quickly in the past, which is why we might have suggested looking at issues in the past

Ran out of time to address further issues for now. 

**Public session timeboxed for 40 minutes followed by a private meeting**

## Q&A, Other

- n/a today!

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
