# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-04-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmqGhFXg7RM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/292
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-PpcKo6uksDDbqWFHGGq1vycOW8OjMICY1S1L6-9HYU/edit

## Present

- @bnb (Tierney Cyren - member)
- @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - member)
- @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury - member)
- @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)
- @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - member)
- @dshaw (Dan Shaw - member)
- @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds - member)
- @mdawson (Michael Dawson - member)
- @ZibbyKeaton
- @williamkapke (William Kapke - member)
- @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain)

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [2018-04-27 Public User Feedback Meeting - Enterprise Use Case](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/52)
- [Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/99)
- [Add Node Slack Community to scope](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/49)

### Tabled for next meeting...

- [CommComm Membership: Call For Feedback on New Definitions](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/276)
- [We need more active members of the WG](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/32)
- [Set a Code of Conduct for mentors and mentees](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/31)
- [Create a mentorship subgroup focused on to identify 6 month projects in Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/30)


## Initiatives:

- Spam bot issue related to moderation (resolved)

### Mentorship

- Mentorship meeting this week, incredible amount of interest
- Begun inviting folks to nodeslackers
- Admins on nodeslackers have been good to moderation, one even joined team
- Open request for a bit more representation, team is all men currently
- Erin (runs local chapter of women who code) has joined
- Some folks requesting "where's my mentor": 
- building process, working on project

### Website Redesign / Badges

- Olivia stepping back, Manil aand Adam co-championing that init
- Discussing wireframes, moving on from IA
- Digging into visual design
- Channel started in nodeslackers #website-redesign
- Amazing demo last week about how we might use runkit for live code demos in api / getting started docs (also in meeting minutes for website redesign)
- RunKit Demo: **removed link to nodejs-org-runkit-demo site since it is permanently down**
- Badges redesign: haven't been able to get another meeting scheduled
- Have a list of badges in priority order
- blocked via getting an extended color palette

### User Feedback

- Beyond todays agenda item: Node foundation team has invited user feedback crew to share a live user feedback session like was done at Think and JS interactive.
- Specifically centered around the enterprise, but might propose two sessions (also on general)
- Benedict Meurer has invited the User Feedback team to come do a Public User Feedback session at Worker Conf in Dornbirn, Germany on 28th June 2018. http://worker.sh

## Announcements

- n/a today!

## Discussion 

### nodejs/user-feedback: 2018-04-27 Public User Feedback Meeting - Enterprise Use Case

- closing loop around enterprise advisory group
- user feedback group has started to build steam and has document to share about how things are forming
- No real champion for enterprise advisory group
- Expectation that at end of next meeting we'll shutter that group and folks will join user feedback process
- Next meeting: Friday 30th. 9am PST / Noon EST
- Open invitation for all members to attend!

### nodejs/admin: Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available

- Tracy will send an email to Mark
- Jem will volunteer but we need someone from the foundation side to join up
- Lots of valid reasons to have a treasurer
- Need to have write access to the repos to land the pull requests
- Several folk onboarded to foundation that could be the liasons
- At a past meeting discussed a report related to the budget
- Tracy will followup with Mark

### nodejs/admin: Add Node Slack Community to scope

- some discussion around who should moderate the slack
- discussed in tsc meeting yesterday, tried to make the case that (would be nice if our moderators could be there, but don't have resources to do that). Or alternative is nothing?
- Better to do something rather than nothing
- Anyone who is a collaborator has the tools to moderate
- Worthwhile supporting organizations who are willing to comply with our moderation practices
- nodeslackers is a good example of a grassroots community and we should support them
- some concerns: are we taking this on officially? Is slack the best tool?
- not to say this is the "one and only" community, but to lift folks up
- people can continue to make the case that this is something we should support, and continue to address the concerns if anyone has them
- If objections were removed, next step is likely to land it

### Couple of final notes related to mentorship before public session expires: 

- Group does need your input!
- If you need team members, mentees could be good candidates
- everyone should specifically check out the last task (Create a mentorship subgroup focused on to identify 6 month projects in Node.js [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/30))
- Add suggestions to the issue or join the meeting to discuss this

Ran out of time to address further issues for now. 

**Public session timeboxed for 30 minutes followed with a private meeting**

## Q&A, Other

- n/a today!

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
