# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-06-14

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xegrAiHy20g
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/335
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QcKlkXSgnELDF6NU4zNnMXqS_TTbRsSnl_NUQaRmLIM/edit

## Present

* @bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - member)
* @bnb (Tierney Cyren - CommComm Chair)
* @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf)
* @jembijoux (Jem Bezooyen - member)
* @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - member)
* @detrohutt (A.J. Roberts)
* @AnnMarieTonog (Ann Marie Tonog - observer) 
* @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury - Member)
* @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds ‚Äì CommComm Director üòç)
* @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - Member)
* @ohoe (Rachel White - Member)
* @mhdawson (Michael Dawson - Member)
* @williamkapke (William Kapke - Member)

## Invited

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee
* @DiegoZoracKy (Diego ZoracKy - observer)
* @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
* @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
* @pchrysa (Chrysa - observer)
* @foadlab (observer)
* @codeekage (Abraham Agiri - observer)
* @Voskan (Voskan Voskanyan - observer)
* @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain - observer)
* @elainechan (Elaine Chan - observer)

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

- [Individual Membership as a responsibility of the Community Committee](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/170)
- [Individual Membership Subgroup Meeting - June 25th, 2018](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/337)
- [Possibility of creating a new repo for the "Wishlist Document" initiative](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/322)
- [Record and serve the meetings in audio format](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/232)
- [Propose team discussion policy](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/121)
- [Node.js Extended Color Palette](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/42)

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.*


## Announcements

### Tracy is our new CommComm director!

- Congratulations!
- As board director and community representative, director works with chair to ensure that anything we need to communicate to the board is communicated
- (keep in mind timeline, needs at least a week lead time to get something to board level)

## Initiatives:

### Website redesign init:

- Meeting last week; talked about material gathered at collab summit
- Distilling the information, possible issues around the type of content to generate
- Hope to have ready to go by this weekend

### User Feedback

- Ongoing, lots of good suggestions with the tooling group
- Chris Hiller (@boneskull) taking tooling group and going to build out independently, been a good growth and expansion of the user feedback group
- Anything we can do explicitly to help? If you know any module owners that would have feedback encourage them to join. We had a couple attend, but some still missed it‚Ä¶
- Point folks to issues in the user-feedback repo. 
- https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/59

### From Collab Summit

- Kicked off an outreach program/initiative
- Patricia / Ben helping out with that
- Also getting the ball rolling with node together
- Node Together targeting community colleges: 
  - get people where they‚Äôre at, try to reach people who might be under resourced, 
  - colleges tend to have space / computer labs, which brings curriculum to folks who might not have access otherwise
  - Lots of Community Colleges have been teaching js for a long time
- (repo was created https://github.com/nodejs/outreach nothing else done yet, just starting, will get started soon‚Ä¶)

### Mentorship

- Starting pairing process very soon
- https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Amentor
- There is nobody from the CommComm currently set up to mentor. 

## Agenda

### nodejs/community-committee Individual Membership as a responsibility of the Community Committee [#170](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/170)

- There has been some dissatisfaction with previous approaches
- Was some discussion at collab summit: 
- Tried to discuss some of the approaches / historical context
- Mostly theory crafting, no explicit agenda
- Members aren‚Äôt required to participate in discussion, but definitely welcome!
- Adam and Dan Shaw discussed about creating a web portal for it.
- Big undertaking with many components that we need to tackle
- Need to work out what value we‚Äôre providing moving forward, and if what we have is worth keeping
- Sarah Novotny mentioned in previous board meeting that she would help participate. (Board members also very welcome.)
- Was a request that subcommittee knows what the board wants from this program
- Last subcommittee meeting established an action item to prepare those items from board
- There‚Äôs a list from last November of potential folks interested
- Will let further developments happen in the next meeting (next agenda item)
- Can we get an action item to touch base with Sarah Novotny for that date? (For the subgroup)

### nodejs/community-committee Individual Membership Subgroup Meeting - June 25th, 2018 

- [#337](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/337)
- TODO: connect with Sarah Novotny for that date
- https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/337#issuecomment-397335755
- Interested people 
  - @chowdhurian
  - @amiller-gh
  - @tiriel
  - @jembijoux
  - @williamkapke

### nodejs/community-committee Possibility of creating a new repo for the "Wishlist Document" initiative 

- [#322](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/322)
- Potentially have a separate repo for wishlist, one place for newcomers to look 
- Do we have instructions about the basic things that need to be in a new-repo
- Verbal recommendation: bare minimum code of conduct, contributing, license (MIT always for now), a readme (you can copy what we have in another repo)
- Mentorship / UserFeedback probably good examples of having all this set up
- Would be worth finding some peers / partners to help this initiative
- Tierney going to create repo and add AJ to it.

### nodejs/community-committee Record and serve the meetings in audio format  

- [#232](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/232)
- Every meeting has been put into a playlist on youtube
- Looking at video metrics, they aren‚Äôt watched a whole lot. (maybe the delivery method is the reason)
- Possibly the license on youtube should be changed from the standard youtube license
- Tracy Lee action item to look into the license
- If we can solve this without a technical solution (aka look for youtube workarounds)

### nodejs/admin Propose team discussion policy 

- [#121](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/121)
- PR was to add something similar to what we have in moderation policy about an expectation of privacy
- ‚ÄúEverything here is private, do not share with public‚Äù
- PR was to add same text into collaborator repo, no strong support or rejection
- Team conversation is either org wide or team wide; why do the discussions happen in a private space. 
- People were having discussions assuming privacy in the team discussion view, which is where this was brought up (to have some policy).
- Collaborators repo is specifically private for a reason.
- As a policy we try to be as transparent as possible.
- We can recommend that everything be public as much as possible
- Can working groups choose their own permissions levels?
- Refack will update their response to PR.
- Will make general recommendation (not in charter)

### nodejs/website-redesign Node.js Extended Color Palette  

- [#42](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/42)
- Only waiting for board approval
- Kickass pride badge in the works using color palette
- Tracy Lee / Ann Marie adding a bunch of projects back to node store
- If there are any interesting designs or ideas, let Tracy Lee know.


## Q&A, Other

Begin Documenting Partner Communities (and what that means) [#326] https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/326

