# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-04-05

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm0rdmrxKpY
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/287
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wYLCX-h3a5080GinrO-RyL8mj3f9lbA7egdvIsP9MB0/edit

## Present

- @bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh)
- @JemBijoux (Jem Bezooyen - member)
- @mhdawson (Michael Dawson - member)
- @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
- @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - member)
- @rachelnicole (Rachel White - member)
- @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)
- @hackygolucky (Tracy Hinds -member)
- @joesepi (Joe Sepi - member)
- @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)
- @williamkapke (William Kapke)
- @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain - observer)
- @annmarietonog (Ann Marie Tonog - observer) 
- @chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury)
- @obensource (Ben Michel - member)
- @codeekage (Abraham Agiri Jnr. - observer)

## Invited

**CommComm Members**: @nodejs/community-committee

- @Tiriel (Benjamin Zaslavsky - observer)
- @DiegoZoracKy (Diego ZoracKy - observer)
- @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
- @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
- @pchrysa (Chrysa - observer)
- @foadlab (observer)
- @codeekage (Abraham Agiri - observer)
- @Voskan (Voskan Voskanyan - observer)
- @waleedashraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)
- @maddhruv (Dhruv Jain - observer)
- @elainechan (Elaine Chan - observer)

## Agenda

- [Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/99)
- [CommComm Membership: Call For Feedback on New Definitions](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/276)
- [Define Working Group expectations and create boilerplate](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/201)
- [Automate Meeting Participant History Document](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/267)
- [Initiative for Nodejs Community Chapters](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/280)


## Initiative Review / Updates:

### Badges

- Just had first meeting, went really well
- Notes will be synthesized later and on the project page
- First round of designs and illustration guide starting

### i18n

- Lots of great work pulling in source content
- Getting crowd in set up
- Interesting oversight: there are some translations that don’t make sense if everything is based on english first
- Example of something that needs to be translated natively?: some concepts don’t translate perfectly from english
- Zeke mentioned electron has dealt with this before

### User Feedback

- Meeting just last week with reps from tooling teams (testing, npm)
- Raised some good areas where there are pain points, good start
- Next step is to continue dialogue: got through only about half of the initial questions
- This month setup enterprise feedback group, so start conversation on that front.

### Mentorship

- Meeting tomorrow with the mentors
- Lots of interest, 30 or so invited (short notice tho)
- Has been shared on twitter
- 40 mentors / up to 500 mentees
- May have to establish some limits

## Announcements

- Nothing of note

## Discussion 

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin: Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available

- [Issue 99](- https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/99)
- discussion since last time about maybe having someone specific
- role as written is that it’s on all of us, so it’s not just someone in foundation 
- maybe we can have someone specific who can keep track of “landing” the funds, and following through 
- we still need someone from foundation side who is responsible 
- maybe we can have someone for getting the reports about where finances at
- we should write up some docs about what to do in a “treasurer role”
- Jem volunteered, Adam and Ben (Tiriel) offered to help out
- Jem will follow up with Tracy to uncover requirements and fill in some details about the role for docs

### nodejs/community-committee: CommComm Membership: Call For Feedback on New Definitions

- [Issue 276](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/276)
- haven’t had a followup meeting since last time
- next action: another meeting will be (or is) planned for next week
- 10th April (time may be updated by half hour)
- 5:30PM UTC
- Calendar updated.

### nodejs/community-committee: Define Working Group expectations and create boilerplate

- [Issue 201](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/201)
- possibly being folded into the broader discussion about the community committee membership discussions
- maybe not a need for user-feedback to have specific permissions
- aim is for autonomy: we should be enabling others to get work done, and minimize admin overhead that needs to be done
- WG governance from other parts of the project might apply
- should add note to issue to mention that it’s highly dependent on the work going with membership restructuring, take label off for now and revisit 

### nodejs/community-committee: Automate Meeting Participant History Document

- [Issue 267](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/267)
- been good action on this: code snippet up
- nodejsparticipants.info >> live website that updates daily with participant info
- looking for sanctioned way to have this information available
- waleed interested in helping to continue to improve it
- if you want your project added to the report dashboard, check readme instructions
- welcoming contributions back
- if anyone can help get this on a subdomain, would love support
- should submit a ticket to the build working group to get that done, adam will submit
- attendance data comes directly from working group meeting notes. Anything that looks like a github handle under the `present` heading in meeting notes will be pulled in automatically
- very proof of concept for now
- should the repo be moved into the org? Will inquire, but we should def improve it a bit first


### nodejs/community-committee: Initiative for Nodejs Community Chapters

- [Issue 280](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/280)
- wants to know if someone can represent from community committee
- were some issues in the past but may not have been as successful?
- looking for feedback: open to sharing some current issues/wg’s
- there was some talk about this previously (and was closed)
- (nodeschool is a separate but awesome org)
- are you looking for a space to share the meetups or get support? Issue is that meetups might look official.
- Maybe we could have an “events working group” to provide the coordination
- scope: just don’t want to say these are sanctioned events (difficult to vet events)
- vision: would be awesome to have a “team” focused on sharing and collaboration with community events
- action items: create a repo that outlines what we want to build, and can outline scope
- users would file issues to seek input about how they could 
- need a name, and someone can create the repo


## Q&A, Other

- Just make nodejs awesome :)

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

