# Node.js Foundation Community Committee 
## Meeting 2018-10-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYmZxjT8Kxg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/403

## Present

- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Jem Bezooyen (@jembijoux)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Manil (@chowdhurian)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)
- Refeal Ackerman (@refack)
- William Kapke (@williamkapke)
- Zibby Keaton (Observer)

## Invited

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to attend meeting as a guest. A zoom link will be shared here few minutes before meeting.
*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [More thorough support for Travel Fund recipients #239](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/239)
- [Charter changes: remove redundancies #385](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/385)
- [Change language as defined by NF Legal #384](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/384)
- [Initiative for Nodejs Community Chapters #280](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/280)


## Initiatives

### Website Redesign

- Great community corner talk about the history of the design
- Got feedback from the group
- Main website redesign session at collab summit was cancelled
- General architeture
- Flavio wrote a great definitive nodejs handbook and has offered the resources for the site redesign! 
- https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-definitive-node-js-handbook-6912378afc6e

### User Feedback

- No meetings since last update
- Was a session at summit, no standout notes

### Individual Membership

- More discussion that happened at the collab summit (governance session)
- Dan came to the merge subcommittee yesterday about the existing proposal
- The proposal for the board seat (specifics about when it‚Äôs activated, etc) was well received

### i18n

- Not a huge update
- Need to get the word out and get more translations going. Regroup
- Translations and requests for new langs have been trickling in
- Q: What are the top three languages we know we want to address?
- A: Chinese, Spanish - if you look at crowdin projects you can see where most activity is

## Discussion 

### More thorough support for Travel Fund recipients [#239](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/239)

- Is there a way we can better support travel fund recipients who need to apply for visas
- Some folks didn‚Äôt make it to the conf because of visa issues (or barely made it)
- Thread on issue about some suggestions / improvements
- Biggest problem is folks don‚Äôt know what needs to be provided, some things that aren‚Äôt listed as requirements but add to your chances 
- Suggestion about having some folks that can be consulted with (who have experiences)
- Q: For visa questions, what if we created a specific email that folks can reach out to. A: Can also forward questions to pr@nodejs.org or tag tracy-lee / zibby on github if you want to reach out
- Would be good to compile the list and share with foundation teams

### Charter changes: remove redundancies [#385](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/385)

- Looking to get consensus on these changes ASAP
- Next board meeting is coming up in a couple weeks

### Change language as defined by NF Legal [#384](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/384)

- Believe we‚Äôve reached consensus, just waiting on word for official vote
- Should have been on boards agenda recently, just waiting for the word to vote

### Initiative for Nodejs Community Chapters [#280](#280)
- Related to CommComm pairing with NodeSchool and having more of a community presense
- Still want to more concretely define WHAT a partner community looks like
- Lots of opportunities here for growth in various working groups (mentorship, etc)
- NodeSchool already has some of that reach. 
- (NodeSchool has an organizers discussion where this is already being discussed.)
- Review PR 590 on NodeSchool. Open a pr with the required changes on the NodeSchool side.
- CommComm agenda removed for now, but lets get another document synthesized and a meeting from here.

## Q&A, Other
- A reminder that the summit can be an exclusive event (some folks that didn‚Äôt make it)
- Let‚Äôs always try to remember remote facilitation tools, telepresence, note taking and the like that we can use to bring in remote folks
- Setting up a webcam to point at a room during collab summits is a good idea! (Might be easier than figuring out visa‚Äôs‚Ä¶)
- Facilitators guide: not just something we refer to at collab summit, it becomes something we use more frequently
- Summit discussion https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/135
- https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md This was set up for the collab summit this year to cover some of the additional process required to have a smooth session
- Would be dope to set a standard for Node.js being a telepresence first org ‚ö°Ô∏èüì∫‚Ä©
- Maybe we move those processes out of `summit` repo and into `admin`

- Some final discussion also around cool stuff that came out of collab summit!
- Manil had some good experience learning about moderation. Concerns around the level of energy he might have to put in, but was pleased to find others had similar issues. Going to get moderation training in the spring.
- Adam shares how the governance working groups went: sessions went quite long! What would be core tenants of new foundation. What should CPC and CommComm provide? How does this actually map back to core values?
- Everything was synthesized into nodejs/bootstrap (temporary repo) where collab with JSF will happen
- https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/11 This issue has a bunch of notes that were on sticky notes during the collab session. (PR #7 opens a bunch of the initial docs)
- Some new issues and a meeting that will happen as of next Monday https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/14

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

