# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2018-02-22

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/uZKB27_Xu4A
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/245
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZeWyJLVu4-e-urEPGNW6MnjiGxeXFtbT7i6RC7CGiks/edit?usp=sharing

## Present
- Ben Michel  @obensource
- Tierney Cyren  @bnb
- Olivia  @oe
- Manil  @chowdhurian
- Jem Bezooyen  @JemBijoux
- Joe Sepi  @joesepi
- Michael Dawson @mhdawson 
- @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
- @Bamieh (Ahmad Bamieh - observer)
- @amiller-gh (Adam Miller - observer)
- @Maurice-Hayward (Maurice Hayward - observer)
- @tobyfarley (Toby Farley - observer)
- @ZibbyKeaton (Zibby Keaton - observer)
- @WaleedAshraf (Waleed Ashraf - observer)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- 

### nodejs/TSC

 reaching out to irccloud.com [#292](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/292)*


### nodejs/community-committee

* Meeting for reviewing membership guidelines [#234](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/234)
* Current Strategic Initiatives Review [#222](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/222)
* Issuing badges for contributors [#212](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/212)
* Explain inclusivity better [#117](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/117)

* [#11](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/11)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


## Strategic Initiatives

### Website:
* nothing to report

### User Feedback:
- Friday the 16th: had first public meeting session
- Shared some of the data
- Had opportunity to start asking questions and get bidirectional feedback
- In person session yesterday at Index conf, representatives from CommComm, representatives from foundation
- Overall takeaway is: “omg pls give us more of this” :)
- Data is collected: how do we land this in a public form (while ensuring privacy of end users)
- How do we capture and disseminate this information in a meaningful way
- Feedback from Tierney: loved the process and how it was captured. (First one was related to benchmarking working group, but could have been more beneficial with more members of that working group present? They were invited, but maybe could have been reminded?)
- Perhaps there could be an issue made in that working group to remind 

### I18n
- Proposal met consensus, moving forward
- Interest is picking up, membership is growing
- Meet with crowdin rep on Monday to talk about considerations
- Quite a bit of work ahead with auditing localization groups
- Meeting coming up (first big i18n working group meeting)
- Need help with translation; is there any way we can get this out on node twitter to put out a call for specific language translators. Zibby: happy to help (just tag them)
- On call: is it related to putting out security releases? A: It’s more about ensuring folks are available to assist with specific translations
- International working group has been decharted, so all work should fall to ‘internationalization”

### Mentorship Initiative
- Wants to announce the initiative
- Have a look at the issue 
- Forms are created for people to apply
- Google forms need to be brought into the node foundation account
- Another issue in the mentorship repo about the communication channels that people use, need to establish what those channels may be
- Moderation team has gone ahead with building it’s own slack. Possible option, but needs to ensure there is a code of conduct and accepted moderators
- Because this is more of a one on one: up to mentor and mentee to decide what works best rather than force individuals to use one method. Just give them some options.
- Concern: that some individuals might not be comfortable with a non-official one-on-one channel (or that it could be abused): needs some language, potential vetting, and a path to report issues
- If mentorship relationship goes in a way it shouldn’t then there is a channel to report.
- If folks want to use slack, they can pick a slack network that works for them (node slackers, etc). 
- Good default options: Zoom.us, irccloud, google hangouts
- Mentorship team has been mentioned a couple times, but concerns about gathering folks without building the team to support this. Recommend setting up the team before invites go out, and start a regular cadence of meetings to make sure there enough members to support it
- Connor Holman(sp?) Operation Code - has experience and worth checking with
- Appear.in is cross platform and potential option. Talky.io ? 

### PSA for working groups
- Many of the working groups do not have a license committed
- “Things you need” for creating a working group should def include this
- How does a “license” work in relation to a working group? Do they *need* a license?
- i18n working group has processes in place for when/how things happen, which may be committed to a document. If someone wants to chime in they may not be able to depending on the license applied.
- No harm in having them, 
- TODO: Make an issue in CommComm to audit initiatives and add license if not included. Possibly have a tool to automate checking for them.
- Tierney may make a bot, issue will be made
- Side note: everyone who contributes or is a member: please make contributions. We all own these issues and are enabled to take initiative to move items forward without seeking specific permission. 

## Notes:

### reaching out to irccloud.com [#292](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/292)*
* free is not acceptable to irccloud
* however, a batch discount may be possible
* ONGOING: Checking if there is a batch discount

### Meeting for reviewing membership guidelines [#234](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/234)
- There is a doodle: go visit it and check your times

- (side note about process: can remove meeting labels as they are addressed)

### Current Strategic Initiatives Review [#222](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/222)
- No major update since last meeting
- Need to have a broader discussion (in the issue or in a normal comcom session)
- evangelism is not as easy since it’s its own working group
- Initiatives review has two specifically called out as inactive; focus on these for now, and if others need to be added we can add later
- Community Events: was pushed on early in CommComm. Hasn’t had much traction (no activity since Aug 2017), unless someone wants to start to take this on this can be moved to a past initiative. Can be revived if needed
- Could be moved to a “need champion for” list
- Evangelism working group: kicked off during io.js time, less active but still has some members. 
- Has possibly stagnated because of stale language
- May have a good list of things to address; stack overflow ads, updating nodejs wikipedia page
- Also good resources, meetup starter kit, social media guidelines, etc
- Good issues could be brought over to the CommComm repo
- Because it’s a chartered working group this needs to be proposed to them directly to decharter and start migrating content into archives and/or CommComm
- Tierney to take this on
- Education may need an owner, but Tracy owns this: will be left on agenda to address next time

### Issuing badges for contributors [#212](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/212)
- Movement since last meeting; open pull request to add badges to list
- PR open to commit the license
- Anyone interested in helping should open issues in the repo and make contributions
- Please comment on the PR
- Do we have a first badge to test the process?: Waiting till after this meeting and call for volunteers to merge the initial PR. From there will start collecting some ideas.
- Suggest following the hexagon sticker standard (?terrence stock), opens up the possibility of physical stickers to represent the badge
- Sticker constructor specification with specific outline for size / shape https://github.com/terinjokes/StickerConstructorSpec
- Prior work from NodeSchool that could be a fantastic resource, wouldn’t be bad if we asked to copy or use it as baseline (license depending)
- First round will need illustration guidelines similar to NodeSchool for a consistent look and feel as badges/stickers grow
- May need a review process or “okay” from foundation
- Possible “RFC” process for proposing new badges, criteria for rewarding it
- (Not staying on agenda moving forward: add as initiative?)
- TODO: PR to add to as strategic initiative (PR is open)
- Adam will open a PR to propose adding himself as an official member and then champion badges.

### Explain inclusivity better [#117](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/117)
- Where we stand: someone will need to write up a document / detailed description about what we mean with regards to increasing inclusion/diversity
- Nobody has raised their hand to tackle this yet
- Possible concern about this going unchecked also: will need a review process
- Olivia is going to dedicate some time to address this

### Youtube Questions:
- Why no Video? Because video conferencing is hard
- Because turning on videos requires some level of permission
- We figured out we can make it work by making people co-hosts.  Was general agreement that we’ll do that next time.
