# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-06-27

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqzSrp5vfXc
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/497
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dpIdPZlmmAGAOI6tUUt_2aGjLcjjMl9Ud0bJ5AIKty8

## Present

- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Ahmad Bamieh (@bamieh)
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
- Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest by calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

_Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate to add yourselves to the minutes doc_

## Agenda

## Announcements

- Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

Initiative Review

- Mentorship

  - Ahmad - Finalize matching tomorrow in mentorship meeting based on matching
    Feedback from mentors. Should announce Monday. Blog post planned

- Outreach update, Adam - pivoting away from the meeting, exploring MVP options for tracking
  Options and focussing on getting the community page to a good state.

- User Feedback - Dan - may have noticed struggling with attendance. This close to
  calling Emeritus, exploring that with user feedback team. The biggest thing we are protective
  About is momentum about engagement with the meetups. If there is somebody who would like to take more leadership this is a good time/opportunity.

- Manil - Website redesign, the repo will be shuttered soon, as will be moving to nodejs.dev to
  avoid confusion. Probably integrating Algolia code search.

  - Tierney do we have a free tier for Algolia? Adam still working through that but hopeful
    we can get something for the project.
  - Adam, have created some meaty issues for some of the larger pieces of work

### nodejs/community-committee

- Follow up - Node.js Collection and Social Media [#491](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/491)
- Node.js Collection â€“ Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/43

  - Waleed is going to set up new process for tracking progress
  - Adam, will ask that stuff from 491 be split out into separate issues
  - On the social chair front, need official review https://docs.google.com/document/d/1awhvSAPSPAKuwlMnpgpm8CjxjbWVl71Um4gPRh5CE9o/edit

- Node.js LinkedIn [#486](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/486)

  - Zibby Reached out asking if somebody from CommComm could take over.
  - Tracy, is anybody from the Foundation an admin?
  - Adam, donated by YLD and never fully integrated.
  - Tierney, Brian who should be added. Brian, we could add operations email as that
    will always go to the latest. Tierney problem tied to linked in account. Brian can
    add him to start.

- Access policy to the Zoom account to start meetings needs revisiting [#494](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/494)

Tierney: Access policy document will be helpful in this situation.
Michael: Private repo with credentials for access as an option?
Consensus: Okay to federate access as we see fit. Adam now has access to share YouTube streaming permissions. Chairs of committees have permissions to share as required. Brian will share through LastPassthe as primary way to share.

- Socialize fast-closing CFP for Node+JS Interactive [#492](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/492)

* Allow Champions to be CommComm Regular Members, Not Just Voting Members [#489](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/489)

- Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

- SPIKE: In Our Perfect World, In What Format Would the API Be Documented? [#258](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/258)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
