# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-02-07

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/447

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Kaelyn
* Kaitlyn Barnard
* Tracy Lee
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Sarah Conway
* Sofia
* Agiri Abraham (@codeekage)
* Benjamin Zaslavsky (@Tiriel)
* Rachel Romoff
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)



Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


* Updates on strategic initiatives
  * Dan gave update on user-feedback.  Using meetups in SF and in Toronto as first step to try
    to user feedback sessions at existing meetups.
  * Tierney gave an overview of moderation activities
  * Tierney gave update on website resign initiatives, have decided on using Gatsby. Goal
     to have initial version in 12-14 Feb.  New repo already exists in Nodejs org. It is 
     Website-prototype.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Update on collaborator summit
  * Bit of a drop off in terms of participation, would love more people
    to get involved.
  * Finally got a venue and a budget. Yay! Includes a lot of things like 
     food etc. Courtyard Berlin city center. One big room for 100, and
     3 break out rooms. Working on infra to let people start submitting
     Proposals.
  * Last time in terms of travel fund, reached out to get initial idea of
    who would. Create issue in Admin to ask people to start making
    travel requests, @mention nodejs/members so that we have
    broad awareness.
  * Want to find a better way to confirm those who submit sessions
    will be at the summit as we had a few issues with that last time.
  * Tracy Lee will open an issue in Admin to discuss if we should
     have a $10 fee. Past history shows fee versus free results in
     better relationship between registration and actual numbers
     who show up.

* Kicking Off “Working Group Update” Blog Series [#435](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/435)
  * Working with Michael D and Uttam to get Benchmarking blog
    early next week, right after blog introducing the series.
  * Reaching out to other people identified as potentially leading.
  * Going to remove from agenda, will potentially add back periodically
     for an update.

* Individual Membership Subgroup – Next Steps [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/423)
  * Dan, nothing really new. Just working through the steps
  * Michael - we should probably take it off the agenda.

* Individual Membership: Current and Past Members Survey [#375](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/375)
  * Check if its still useful, question back from the user-feedback team
  * Tierney, may want to keep questions but likely can’t get input in time for
     new program launch.
  * Michael, possibly line up with launch of new membership program.
  * Tierney a number of the questions would still be applicable.
  * Dan, don’t need a decision now, mostly an awareness that user-feedback team
    won’t get to it in the near term.

### nodejs/website-redesign

* Discuss Foundation's and CommComm's potential roles in the redesigned website [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/128)

  * Broader discussion around difference between Node.js and Foundation websites
  * Michael, given direction to merged Foundation Node.js would be only one of
    multiple projects. So even if it did at one point it would no longer make sense
  * Tierney, agrees given that context. Website redesign has been discussing some
     elements which are on Foundation website that possibly should be on Node.js
     Website. For those some sort of embedding approach where we could maintain
     those elements.  
  * Dan we probably cannot reliably support maintaining the Foundation website
    anyway,  Was created originally so to unblock Foundation staff to be able to achieve
    their goals. We should be aligning on as similar platform as possible
  * Kaitlyn that is something that she can help out with in terms of figuring out split
  * Michael we are already collaborating more closely so don’t think there will be an 
    issue in aligning and working together.
  * Manil, source was that some of the info on the Project was a bit out of date so 
    we needed to keep that in sink
  * Michael, can we close the issue?
  * Manil will comment on issue capturing what we discussed and then close.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

