# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-04-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea4hK4OfMt4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/469
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UlCwxFGrI78jAGF4Rkt83hav0WNrljChJ63PFQJsS-4/edit

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Tierney Cyren  (@bnb)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Liz Parody (@lizparody23)
* Sarah Conway (@sarahkconway)
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Ahmad Bamieh (@bamieh)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest by calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate to add yourselves to the minutes' doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Updates to the initiatives
  * Michael, Enterprise user feedback session scheduled for next week and on track for first
    feedback session in meetups.
  * Ahmad, outreach, exploring how we can make meetups consistent (a flexible framework that
     everybody can use),  templates like meetup in a box. Looking into how to do that.
  * Manil, progress continues on the website redesign.  The last meeting discussed  how to consume
    localized documentation. Tied to how API doc will be consumed. 
  * Moderation update: last report Feb 7, Tierney provided a summary of the issues
     since then.

### nodejs/summit

* Call for Sessions: Berlin Collab Summit [#149](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/149)
  * Please think about and submit sessions.Tierney submitted a form for a session but
    concerned that it did not go through.
  * Too much upfront work, emphasize that you can submit placeholders, through Github

### nodejs/community-committee

* CPC Representative Nominations #470 (https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/470)
  * Target is May 1 to get the nominees identified.
  * Discussed who can be nominated, agreed to keep consistent with past Director
    representative votes which were limited to CommComm members.

* docs: Add nodejs/outreach initiative to the README. [#462](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/462)
  *  

* Discuss Collab Summit Progress [#448](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/448)
  * 4 rooms, 1 main room 3 breakout rooms.  
  * Suggestion to make 1 room a lounge for more ad hoc discussions.
  * In terms venue most things are finalized.  
  * Sent out for a request for the quote on t-shirts with the logo
  * Still looking for sponsors. More expensive than the past since
    we have a broader number of attendees.

### Other

* Node.js Reader Survey (Rachel Romoff via the Foundation)
  * Rachel will come back with proposed survey and context around it.
  * Reader means the Reader of the Foundation blogs/Node.js collection

* Social Media Chair program (Rachel Romoff via the Foundation)
  *  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1awhvSAPSPAKuwlMnpgpm8CjxjbWVl71Um4gPRh5CE9o/edit?usp=sharing
 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
