# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-07-11

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8izB6uXPZs
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/501
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ukpCoTo6K2kJC-jOjj0I-Bhe37GO6AEAArzBmBLhWaI

## Present

- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Tracy Lee (@ladyleet)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
- Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
- Brian (@brianwarner)
- Tierney (@bnb)
- Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
- Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

_Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc_

## Agenda

## Announcements

- Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- WG updates

  - Node.js collection - no specific update. Are we good with the new guidelines so we can
    make push to get more content?
  - Mentorship
    - Went through pairing in last meeting
    - Reaching out to do final selections
    - Always looking for node mentors, as we are limited by available mentors
  - Outreach
    - Bit of trouble meeting recently, may look at meeting time
    - Working on documenting existing meetup activity
    - Moving toward creating a community page, anything would be better than what we have
      (which is nothing)
    - Next meeting is about what would go on community page, anybody
  - User Feedback
    - Some new interests in surveys (Release and Diagnostic WGs)

- CPC update
  - member status - clarifying difference there (voting, regular members, and observers)
  - PRs to clarify how governance, project charters and CPC charter PRs are reviewed and
    Reqs for landing
  - Moving project progression to stage 3, have some projects showing interest and should
    start handling applications soon.
  - Talking about travel fund.
  - Michael elected as the Node.js Director representative
  - Now that we are a member of larger Foundation, may want to have limits on representation
    Upwards. Tierny will create issue in Admin.

### nodejs/community-committee

- Charter Update to Reflect New OpenJS Foundation [#499](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/499)

  - Adam planning to get to this and submit first cut PR.

- Allow Champions to be CommComm Regular Members, Not Just Voting Members [#489](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/489)

  - Adam planning to get to this and submit first cut PR

- Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)

  - Finish review of doc, loop pack to CommComm for consensus around release, and hopefully weâ€™ll be clear to launch!

Tracy: Node.js AMAs

- Ask if anyone wants to be involved in organization or conducting
- First tuesday of every month focused on a different team or group
- Tierney: Use re-stream? (restream.io)
- Dawson: What are you looking for in involvement
- Tracy: Working through process, organizing, and engaging the community to help drive.

Tracy: Community Corner @ OpenJS Interactive

- Opening an issue in Admin as call for interest
  Tierney: Hitting upper limit of Code and Learn for code contributions! Can we make CommComm repos code and learn friendly? Where does code and learn go next? https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/158

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
