# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-06-13

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql8_pbqMTMg
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/493
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gX0fdm269riYrAWins0CrYna3wXgxgOVwrEA5YWGfiM

## Present

- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
- Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

_Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc_

## Agenda

## Announcements

- Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Initiative review
  - Ahmad: Next mentorship cohort being kicked off in next few weeks. Matching
    underway between mentors and mentees.
  - Michael, last user feedback meeting. Some discussion around areas to focus on.
    - Need to review existing survey requests and progress or close.
    - User feedback sessions seems to be ramping up/moving forward.
  - User feedback/outreach
    - Mostly independent except that user feedback session may one of the suggested
      content ideas for meetups.

### nodejs/community-committee

- Socialize fast-closing CFP for Node+JS Interactive [#492](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/492)

  - CFP Extended to 21st

- Allow Champions to be CommComm Regular Members, Not Just Voting Members [#489](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/489)

  - Tierney -> liked the CPC concept of regular members. We had some discussion
    On the issues/differences from CPC case. Overall sounds like a good thing to discuss
    Tierney will submit PR with his first cut at a proposal.

- Discuss Collab Summit Progress [#448](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/448)

  - Now closed, summit is over.

- Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)

  - Rachel gave an overview of some of the discussion at the summit
  - Has not changed too much from what was originally proposed.

- Node.js Collection â€“ Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)

  - Main focus is on how to drive move technical content
  - Tierney -> question about if we have seen drop in views due to changes in Medium policies

- Follow up - Node.js Collection and Social Media
  [#491](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/491)
  - Covered in previous discussions.

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

- SPIKE: In Our Perfect World, In What Format Would the API Be Documented? [#258](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/258)
  - defer until next time as we are out of time and need Adam for this one.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
