# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-10-31


## Links


* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIs7LznZIy0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/548
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19tK-xqwOEn11CiOhwmL95jt5sVGq0It3baonr2ssA7A/edit


## Present


* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee


* Saleh Abdel Motaal (@smotaal)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Tierney Cyren (@bitandbang)
* Eva (@evahowe)
* Brian Warner
* Osahon Oboite
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)




Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.


*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*


## Agenda


## Announcements


Collab Summit and Code + Learn
Eva: no Code + Learn this year, all collaboration sessions
* This will be more collaborative sessions focused on conversations
* We will also have Community Corner which will run parallel to the conference
   * These will be more workshops style sessions
* Link for CFPs - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/184
* AMAs are doing quite well!
   * Next one in November is Comm Comm
   * https://docs.google.com/a/thisdot.co/forms/d/1L-jQYW3wBgNojMbPYnEv3G0_giCBe2A_KiV1-f5lWAM/edit?usp=drive_web
      * Link to sign up and ask questions - please feel free to promote
* Mentorship committee is working on figuring out how we go forward with the next cohort


*

## CPC and Board Meeting Updates


OpenJS (Joe)
* AMP and nvm joined
* Update on Code of Conduct from Board
* Travel Fund moved to Foundation
* Additional policy, trademark, and style guide progress

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


### nodejs/admin


* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)


### nodejs/community-committee


* Proposal: CommComm "working" meeting on off-weeks [#543](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/543)
* Joe to set this up for next week.


* Initiative #507 — Preparing questions for annual survey [#538](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/538)
* Going to share the document attached with Foundation folks to include in the annual survey.
* Have had discussions with GitHub Folks about A11y.


* Community Committee and OKRs [#547](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/547)
* Intending to work on this at the Collaborator’s summit, returning with OKRs for CommComm itself defined.
* Tierney to set up Collab summit session.


* Required updates to CommComm Charter to reflect OpenJS Foundation [#526](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/526)
* Should be able to be merged soon
* OpenJS CPC issue created, added to agenda


* Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)
* Things are moving forward
* Additional context shared


* Node.js Collection – Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)
* Waleed to sync up with Rachel to finalize the PR






## Q&A, Other


## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.