# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-07-25

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQAuAhKo63U
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/506
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-ipce534EEu9BxGk9k2EzM5Bn3T47TAxH_xQCrxwgUs

## Present

- CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee
- Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
- Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
- Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
- Brian Warner
- Tierney Cyren
- Somesh Kanti
- Eva Howe

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

_Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate to add yourselves to the minutes the doc_

## Agenda

## Announcements

- Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

- Charter Update to Reflect New OpenJS Foundation [#499](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/499)

  - No updates this week.

- Allow Champions to be CommComm Regular Members, Not Just Voting Members [#489](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/489)

  - Waiting on update to charter #499.

- Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)

  - Those in meeting agreed it is ready to go.
  - Last email to CommComm email alias will be sent out (by Rachel) saying we believe
    it is ready to go and will move forward next week unless there are objections
    Before then/

- Node.js Collection â€“ Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)

  - Changes still need to be published to readme

- [Removing labels in archived repos](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/505)
  - Tierney wants ok to unarchive, remove tags and then re-archive
  - Not org owner so want explicit permission
  - Please go into the issue and +1, Tierney is waiting on that.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
