# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-10-17

## Links

- **Recording**: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrEOpvBL4Ik
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/542

<!-- Link for PR (manually proof and rename .md before PR please) https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tpq9juKf-87dmC1vqq4-8ltERoNFN_Fx-8JC64bayR4/export?format=txt -->

## Present

- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Ahmad Bamieh (@bamieh)
- Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
- Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)
- Dave Whiteley (@DaveYVR)
- Adam MIller (@amiller-gh)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Eva Howe (@evahowe)
- Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

_Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc_

## Agenda

- Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

## Announcements

### Mentoring

- Planning for next cohort

### Website

- Continued progress
- Hackathon planned for this Saturday to continue to move forward

## CPC and Board Meeting Updates

- Michael: Board, meeting last week of month, no issues in admin board. Let me know if there is
  anything to add

- Joe: Applications coming in, nvm one that has been publicly announced !
  - work on project progression, capturing key elements etc.
  - discussion about responsible disclosure
  - JQuery infra work if you are interested
  - standards group meeting every other week.

### nodejs/admin

- Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  - An FYI to make sure people know they should be planning to attend
  - CFP is for both community corner and the collab summit
    - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/new?assignees=christian-bromann%2C+evahowe%2C+jorydotcom%2C+keywordnew&labels=Montreal+2019%2C+Collaborator+Summit%2C+Session+Proposal&template=summit-topic-proposal.md&title=Summit+Topic%3A+

- Collab summit more focussed on sit down and make it a working session
- Community corner would be for “new” people

- Manil, might be good to make it clear that people are free to invite others to come to the
  Summit.

- The collaborate/workshop/talk is more about setting expectations in terms of what
  will be done to ramp up people up versus jumping into details.

### nodejs/community-committee

- Move @Bamieh to Emeritus [#542](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/542)
  - Discussed changing champions for initiatives so they don’t need to be
    CommComm members
  - Invite those members (maybe monthly or every other month to do an update)
  - Open invitation to join meetings to bring up/discuss issues
  - CommComm “resource” or whatever identified as contact if champion needs help

- Required updates to CommComm Charter to reflect OpenJS Foundation [#526](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/526)
  - We have consensus, no objections, enough approvals
  - Land after addressing comments

- Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)
  - repo created
  - Small update to proposed to to link to repo, then ready to launch

- Node.js Collection – Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)
  - Rachel needs to respond to comments from Tierny, hope to do
    that by mid next week

- Preparing questions for annual survey [#538](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/538)
  - Looking to add some questions to annual survey
  - Discussed next steps
    - Rachel to review/comment on suggested questions
    - No fixed date for version it to go out yet.

- Proposal: CommComm "working" meeting on off-weeks [#543](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/543)

- (Last) Initiative #507 — Backing champion for phase 0, … [#539](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/539)

- AMA announcement
  - Successful AMA on Thursday. Some really good questions

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
