# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-09-19

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CECK60x2eKg
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/30
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z3okIz7GlwjLhRDAuA7IpXsyKUDBenmR4fEwJnRA3Vw

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Saulo Nunes (@saulonunes)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Eva Howe
* Tierney
* Adam Miller
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)

## Agenda

## Initiative updates

* Website redesign
  * every 2 weeks on Saturday doing hackathon to work on layout.
  * working on staging branch in nodejs.dev repo
  * Tierney, there was a question about docs. That still being considered in scope. Adam,
     turns out to be better structured than expected so more metadata than originally
     thought. Have some updates but thinking more of an update/tweak versus redesign to make it work well.
* Node.js Collection PR that needs CommComm review: https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37

## Announcements

## CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Board
  * Michael: next board meeting 1 week from tomorrow.  Nothing on admin board, let me know
    if there is anything to bring up with the board. 

* CPC
  * Joe: Making progress on process side of things. Working on project progressions, a few
    projects that have applied(in quiet period) and we are working out the edges as we work on 
    the first ones.
  * Michael: work on the CoC handling process, good time to review/comment: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/321.


*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* Moderation team recertification [#408](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/408)
   * Proposal is to 
    * Re-certify the following people:
      * @benjamingr
      * @bnb
      * @ljharb
      * @othiym23
      * @ryanmurakami

  * We should not re-certify these people as they have voluntarily removed themselves from the team
    or have not responded, but can always be added at a later time if they decide they want to be
    part of the team:
      * @dshaw
      * @hackygolucky
      * @gdams
      * @gibfahn
      * @thefourtheye 

These voting members voted in favor during the meeting, added the info to the issue as well:

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)

### nodejs/community-committee

* Community Committee Chairperson Self Nominations [#518](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/518)
  *  already closed

* Towards less conflicts from biases/assumptions in communication styles/conventions [#507](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/507)
  * Create slack channel, looking for momentum.
  * Next step might be out-of-band meeting for those interested.

* Charter Update to Reflect New OpenJS Foundation [#499](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/499)
  *  Replaced by https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/526
     * Please review/comment we need it to show consensus to move it forward.

* Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)
  * Next step if for Tierney to create repo

* Node.js Collection â€“ Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)
  * PR that needs review: https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
