# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-01-10

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/438

## Present

- Adam Miller @amiller-gh
- Jem Bezooyen @jembijoux
- Dan Shaw @dshaw
- Manil Chowdhury @chowdhurian
- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Rachel Romoff @rromoff
- Brian Warner
- Sarah Conway @sarahkconway
- Joe Sepi @joesepi
- Waleed Ashraf @WaleedAshraf
- Manil Chowdhury @chowdhurian
- Michael Dawson @mhdawson

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

* Kicking off "Working Group Update" Blog Series [#435](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/435)
* Node.js Collection – Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)
* Should CommComm own the Node.js Foundation website? [#316](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/316)
* Individual Membership – Next Steps [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/423)

## Announcements

## Initiatives

### Mentorship / User Feedback
Getting started, 
Mentorship getting started tomorrow (no other updates)
User feedback in the coming months is going to kick off new sessions at meetups
Tracy has been helping a bit so far with messaging and promotion 
Joe mentions the Promises/questions and looking for more feedback. Looking for a framework to help others to build out a user feedback survey. 

### Website Redesign
Just crossing t’s, dotting i’s
Dev kicking off in next couple of days
Influx of proposed new content that need to be reviewed
Fun opportunity for a new space to share proof of concept (?)

### Bootstrap
Working hard on governance for the CPC
Trend is toward having one group (CPC vs CPC & C3)
Some C3 governance merged into the CPC
PR for inclusive group, also voting members, everyone working together. (Voting members engaged in decision making if consensus isn’t found.)
Next discussion is around board representation. (https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/70)
https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/65
Commentary requested
Also discussion in group about how collab summit in berlin in june should run (as well as naming…)

### i18n
Pushing for help with translating
A good collection of languages coming up
Action item: Adam, Manil, Ben all talk wrt website redesign also
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Kicking off "Working Group Update" Blog Series [#435](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/435)
- Call for some content around what the working groups are working on
- Some folks in security wg may have committed to a quarterly update 
- What is the cadence that these postings would go out? Not trying to be too onerous about it, hoping to have at least once a month and fill the pipeline for the next six months.
- May also reach out 1:1 to folks if the response from folks is tepid.
- How can we make it easier for WG to contribute? Having a schedule and/or examples that we can bring to the group so the process for them to create content is streamlined.
- Key part: make it organized and easy to participate. A google form to drop data into?
- Sarah: do folks have thoughts about which groups might be good opportunities: release and build working groups. Michael could help with benchmarking maybe. Modules would be supportive, package maintenance, user feedback, i18n

* Node.js Collection – Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)
- Prior to Rachel joining the team, some guidelines and structure around onboarding editors and writers was drafted. An issue was open for awhile, looking for folks to participate.
- Wanting to put out a call for editors / writers\
- Maybe update the writing guidelines
- Q: How many editors? A: About five or six
- If we could get some more folks we could put together a better structured process. 
- Q: Target number of editors? A: More.
- Is this a big ask? It might be helpful to establish how much volunteer work is involved in this.
- Q: Are editors credited: A: absolutely.
- Q: Do folks edit in parallel? A: In google docs usually, yes
- Q: There IS a checklist spreadsheet (for technical review, etc), but it might not be visible to authors that their work is moving through the pipeline
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xT8KEolYqcKj2L4Dijx8dbvwqKsOL_2uCADhK_xzOx8/edit#gid=0
- Q: Have we considered pulling in content from other sources if we’re looking for more? A: It could be.
- Q: What are the goals? To educate about foundation and project? A: More about the ecosystem, thought leadership, educational. Wanted to share with the medium of medium since there wasn’t a blog for this (previously)
- Very obvious when we want to go publish something from the project, but can be challenging to keep a cadence with miscellaneous content
- Sarah to chat with Tierney about previous processes
- Yes to seeing this thing grow, let’s streamline and review!
- “This is what we’d like to see” would be valuable rather than call for misc

* Should CommComm own the Node.js Foundation website? [#316](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/316)
- Some previous discussions in this space and lots has been changing
- First sticking point was around getting timely news out, it had been difficult to have announcements posted at a specific point
- How to market the foundation? 
- Initial concept for the website redesign was just the node website. Then later in the process the discussion turned to whether we should incorporate the foundation assets. Feedback seemed to be that if folks could contribute easily that it could work
- Current concept for the node website will be pulling content from a bunch of different sources, so if we can gather some feature requirements this (pulling in foundation assets on the node site) seems like a possibility also
- (Still some offline disco that needs to happen to organize requirements or if this possibility will work with the bootstrapped foundations....)

* Individual Membership – Next Steps [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/423)
- Thread has been commandeered toward what we do in the coming year.
- Issue has document linked with the currently drafted plan

* 2019 NJSI Venue Considerations
- A couple of options under consideration for Node Interactive 2019 (no decisions made)
- Scoping out venues
- Strong desire to collect some feedback about where to hold this
- Shortlist: Denver, Montreal, New Orleans, Seattle, Toronto, Vancouver
- Will send some communication out in the next couple of days to solicit some feedback.
- Important that we schedule in places that are accessible and enjoyable.
- Q: What are top criteria for selecting cities? A: Avail of venues, where would people *like* to go. (Are there issues travelling to the US? Preference of east vs west coast. Size of venue?)
- Q: What format would you like feedback in? A: Probably via a poll (Mike will chat with Tracy Lee). Polls are good, 
- Reach out to CommComm and we can help amplify it.
- Q: When deciding east/west coast, would european voters skew results
- 962 attendees in Vancouver in 2018  Came from 33 countries


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

