# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-03-07

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/455
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y9kFf1SwHsANRq50kitlFQxdyT3-Ki_eyW29fyhRJ2g/edit

## Present
Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
Adam (@amiller-gh)
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
Rachel
Tierney (@bnb)
Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
Brain Warner

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

#### Initiative Updates

Node.js Collection:
Rachel: Node collection is moving along; process in place
WG and Initiative updates are moving along and getting shipped appropriately.

Node.js User Feedback:
Joe Sepi created a template for individuals who want to create a user feedback survey
Current challenge with surveys is that several were kicked off but have seemed to stall out. Joe is working with the leaders of those to try to move them forward.
Manil created an issue about the Node.js Website Redesign Initiative’s survey, Joe is curious if this would be a good starting place to use the new process.

Node.js Website Redesign:
Nodejs.dev launched \o/
Several new contributors working on this
One (LaRuaNa) is observing in today’s Node.js CommComm meeting for the first time

* Discuss Collab Summit Progress [#448](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/448)
Skipped since Tracy was not on the call.
* Kicking Off “Working Group Update” Blog Series [#435](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/435) 
Discussed in check-in, the issue was closed in check-in and will be perpetually discussed in check-ins.
* Individual Membership Subgroup – Next Steps [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/423)
Individual membership ownership will be passed on to nodejs/bootstrap
Work will continue based off of the work we did
Our work will serve as the foundation for the individual membership in the new merged foundation.
* Individual Membership: Current and Past Members Survey [#375](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/375)
Joe Sepi will raise the visibility of this issue in Bootstrap discussion around Individual Membership initiative
* Strategic Initiative for Broader Node.js Community  [#453](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/453)
Discussed in conjunction with nodejs/outreach ticket below.

### nodejs/outreach

* Call for help [#4](https://github.com/nodejs/outreach/issues/4)
General consensus to restart the outreach initiative and begin to consolidate asks for meetup resources and organizational help from across the org:
https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/458


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

