# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-04-04

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF3jZNO2Op4
* **GitHub Issue**: nodejs/community-committee/issues/461
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/18ACiBQC9DT7Dc5dUEGW38Zk7LBy7nDSfddVM5Yw2JJA/edit

## Present

* Ahmad Bamieh (@bamieh)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* Sarah Conway @SarahKConway
* Rachel Romoff (@rromomoff)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Kaitlyn Barnard
* Maedah Batool (@MaedahBatool)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Initiatives Review
  * Mentorship 
    * Ahmad working on tweaking before announcing publicly and getting additional mentors
      from across the project. Now have 12 mentors lined up from the working groups.
  * Node Collection
    * Getting a lot of contributors from the community. Able to add another person to the editor   
      list. (Matteo) will help us get the technical review completed.

     * Rachel: Continuing with WG blogs, reached out to Michael to try to connect with Release
       and Build.
     * Michael: Next steps being worked for user-feedback sessions in Meetups, also working
       On blog for relaunch of Enterprise sub group.
     * Tierney: what was relation to previous Enterprise initiative.
     * Michael: this replaces that, making it clear it is one of the multiple ways the user-feedback
       team is working to get feedback across different stakeholders.
     * Joe: working with promises team to get survey in place. Issue templates have been
       put in place to make it easier to request/start one and expectations on ownership.

* Website-redesign
 * Manil: People contributing to documentation. 
 * Adam: going to discuss about docs and internationalization of documentation for the website.

### nodejs/summit

* Call for Sessions: Berlin Collab Summit [#149](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/149)
  * Manil: Get your session submissions in.  Dates are 30, 31 of May just before JSConfEU
  * Submit travel fund requests ASAP - **removed broken link to Travel Fund**



### nodejs/community-committee

* Discuss Collab Summit Progress [#448](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/448)

* @SarahKConway: Node.js User Survey and the Node + JS Interactive CFP 
  * Looking for people to help review the proposals. Michael, Tierney, Adam, Tracy, Waleed, and Manil all volunteered.
  * Michael would be good to document the overall process as it was not clear to me and
    I was a bit surprised when the final list came out since I did not know in advance
    what the process was.
  * General discussion, we should be transparent with the process, document and
    make the steps clear.
  * Some comments from last year:
    * Desire to have more technical content. Have it labeled more (beginner, intermediate
     for example)
    * Even split between those that wanted longer versus just right in terms of length
    * Would be good to have a summary of previous year comments for those reviewing
  * Sarah will start a doc based on comments from last year and then it can be a
    working doc that those helping to review can weigh in on.
  * Adam probably good to have it in a repo in the OpenJS org.  

* Node adoption survey:
  * Sarah: Kick of Node adoption survey and maybe a few new questions and slight
    modifications. 
  * Tracy: Looks for Non-US based participants and translations for them. When we are able to 
    translate, we get more and better feedback.
  * Michael: Itâ€™d be good to have a call across the project and ask people if they have questions
    and comments for it.
  * Sarah: Trying to keep it Node focused. There are already 60+ questions.
  * Michael: Likely issue in admin repo that we can the publicise.

* Add nodejs/outreach Initiative to README [#462](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/462)
  * Rumblings over the last little while that new effort is needed to help organize local
    activities. Spun off the reboot of the outreach initiative. Going to focus on making sure that local organizers have what they need to get started.
    * We are not organizing meetups, just providing some resources for those who are.
    * Will also help to amplify the message.

* New Member Nomination: @AhmadAwais [#463](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/463)
  * (Private session)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
