# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-03-21

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=979f11zqygE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/459

## Present

* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner) 
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Benjamin Zaslavsky (@Tiriel)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

*  Joe: NodeConf Columbia looking for mentors for code and learn, free ticket to conference for
    those who do that (still need to cover travel expenses).  You need to be a Node.js
    collaborator to qualify. Tierny, travel fund may be an option.  

* Review of initiatives
  * New website
    * docs survey discussed.  Questions in issue could also be used in person feedback
      sessions
    * Talking about future usage of Nodejs.dev usage.
    * Joe, if you want to run actual survey, happy to work with you on that.
    * Thinking about learning content on website can it also be used for things like node school?
      * Joe: Is learning paths part of website design?  Adam: it is part of plan but not fully fleshed
         Out.  Good goal for it to be usable instead of command line interface.
  * Mentorship
    * Joe, being asked about in node slackers
    * Many more mentee than mentors
    * Tierny: at recent Linux Open Source Summit, Community bridge that introduces mentoring
       as well

  * Node.js collection update
    * Tierney, continuing to run, larger maintained by foundation
  * User Feedback
    * Joe: Pull request for issue templates, one is for initiating a survey. Other one is for doing
       user feedback sessions at meetups
    * Focus on establishing the framework for in-person feedback sessions at meetups
    * Enterprise subgroup will also be restarting, meeting set (next couple of weeks can’t
      remember specifically)

  * Website Redesign
    * 

See above

### nodejs/admin

* Checklist to address changes due to move to OpenJS Foundation [#311](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/311)

Mostly added for awareness, but we still need to flesh out this list, may be missing some – please think about it. [see dawson’s list]

See issue https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/314 for declaring interest.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Discuss Collab Summit Progress [#448](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/448)

CFPs are open! https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/149

* Node.js Broder Community closes issue:#453 [#458](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/458)

Looping in with nodejs/outreach.


### nodejs/outreach

* Call for help [#4](https://github.com/nodejs/outreach/issues/4)
- If there is any any value seen in helping people Getting Started in Open Source:
Slides
-  Also a curriculum but it’s in a private doc. We can open source that if asked.
- See: https://docs.google.com/document/d/14xOqRPh61wX98GTqvUJVjQsRUJ2YZyK8aYMD9Un-gMI/edit#
- New strategic init. beig spun up.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

