# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-09-05

## Links

- **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5EKK4D5NSE
- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/523
- **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UAN8MCb9P7hkuDyi9TW1hmkq9Alz-gkkyzL6asD_BSc

## Present

- Ahmad Awais @ahmadawais
- Michael Dawson @mhdawson
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Maedah Batool @maedahbatool
- Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
- Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)
- Saulo Nunes(@saulonunes)
- Eva
- Brian Warner
- Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest by calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes' doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements

## Initiative updates
* Michael: User feedback
  * top level work will take a hiatus. No future meetings planned, Dan is stepping down as the
    champion.
  * support for surveys proposed to move up to OpenJS level
  * Enterprise user feedback, has champion (Ahmad) and will continue.  Michael to be
    ComComm liaison to provide any support needed going forward.

* Outreach: now open to feedback and contributions on this issue: https://github.com/nodejs/outreach/issues/24

* Saulo, Eva: Mentorship Program: 
  * facing some interesting and unexpected challenges, specifically lack of necessary knowledge
    and mentor/mentee pairing.
  * Discussion about using a pull request for subscription on next cohort.
  * missing 3 pairs;
  *Difficulties on pairing up mentees to mentors.

## CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

  * working on details off onboarding, some applications in process
  * summit repo moved over to https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/752
  * proposal to move support for surveys by teams/working groups up to OpenJS org level

### nodejs/admin

* Moderation team recertification [#408](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/408)

### nodejs/community-committee

* Community Committee Chairperson Self Nominations [#518](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/518)
  * self-nomination closed, Tierney the only one to nominate
  * vote for confirmation sent out. 

* Towards less conflicts from biases/assumptions in communication styles/conventions [#507](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/507)
  * opened channel, let Saleh know if you want to join.
  * Michael suggest we use slack for real-time conversation when necessary
    but use git issues instead when there are proposals/docs etc.
  * The public channel is here: https://app.slack.com/client/T043VB7PW/CMQM6ME1Z

* Charter Update to Reflect New OpenJS Foundation [#499](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/499)
  * Tierney will look at pushing this forward.
  * Michael commented that there is a standard charter template being worked on 
    so good to take a look at that as well.

* Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)
  * artifacts are starting to land
  * look to start working to get chairs in ~ 1month.

* Node.js Collection â€“ Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)
  * 


### nodejs/user-feedback

* Stepping down as Community Committee Champion [#170](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/pull/170)
  * on for awareness, Michael will land an PR change to CommComm champions.


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.