# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2019-01-24

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/443

## Present

- Brian Warner @brianwarner
- Adam Miller @amiller-gh
- Rachel Romoff @rromoff
- Amanda Ennis @OfficialLinuxAmanda
- Agiri Abraham @codeekage
- Joe Sepi @joe_sepi
- Waleed Ashraf @waleedashraf
- Michael Dawson @mhdawson
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Sarah Conway (@sarahkconway)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

* Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)

* **Objective**
   - Build a stronger community 
   - Jobs opportunity on LinkedIn 
-  **Co-Chair**
      - Expectation of Co-Chair 
         - 2 co-Chair per quarter 
         - Availability 
   - Duties of Co-Chair 
      - Assist foundation folks to run the contents, 
      - Generally, have knowledgeable involvement of nodejs
   - Instinctive for being Co-Chair 
      - Mugs
- **social@nodejs.org purpose**
      - Basically, a suggestion box for foundation and promote nodejs content. 
-  **Questions**
    - Is this a fully fleshed out initiative?
    - How do you envision the first set co-Chair?
    - What kind of scope do you have in mind for social guidelines? 

* Kicking Off “Working Group Update” Blog Series [#435](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/435)

- **Discussion**
    - Expectation of WGU
    - How long would we want it to be? 
    - Content calendar 
- **Questions**
    - Will the google form have the content? 
    - Is there a way to get that pre-filled to avoid repetition? 

* Node.js Collection – Next Steps [#439](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/439)

- **Expectations of an Editor**
    - (working with Tierney to define a job description for an editor.)

* Individual Membership Subgroup – Next Steps [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/423)

    - Tracy runs through from the last meeting with the board 
    - Moved drafts into the repos 
    - Slight interpretation of CPC to individual membership in $FOUNDATION
    
- **Discussions**
    - What’s the difference between individual membership and individual membership class?
    - Will individuals be more interested in foundation individual membership programme or node individual membership programme?

* Should CommComm own the Node.js Foundation website? [#316](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/316)


#### Mentorship 
Got help from JSLA 
Changing format cohort matching systems 
### Website Redesign 
awesome progress with Myles help 

### nodejs/website-redesign

* Discuss Foundation's and CommComm's potential roles in the redesigned website [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/128)


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

