# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-04-16

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/BXeBZK4hke8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/598
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YWttnxZrQ1jfKrgV87dFn6aRmnhNh4gXe-VWlVpo5hk/edit

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Saulo Nunes (@saulonunes)
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* David Guttman (@dguttman)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Erick Wendel (@erickwendel)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Initiative updates

* Mentorship
  * David - experimenting with new direction from the beginning of the new year. Focus more
    working groups/areas that we could help with. Want to work towards mentors being able to
    focus on mentoring in their area of specialty versus general skills (like github)
  * Trying to test within the mentorship team first, got one applicant 
  * Next step is to start broadering, would be interesting on how to reach out to working groups
    in terms of finding roles.
  * Need some additional slack permissions

* Website
  * Had another hackathon, making progress
  * Need to talk to Rachel about help to broadcast
    * Tierney believe we had agreement, just need to reach out to her in advance (DM to Node.js twitter handle) or use email

* A.J. wishlist superseded, by mentoring and did not have time to work on it can be archived.
  * Tierney will create issue in admin to see if any objections, otherwise will archive
  
* Alexandr - Internationalization
  * Increased activity over the last month. Connected with Node.js website content. Can translate everything for Node.js or and API docs.  Probably a few weeks out to test infa before we invite translators.

* Tierney - examples
  * Looking to get more people involved, a number of suggestions for how to improve

* Tierney - Social Team - PR now opened.
  * Please review and comment, so we can move forward.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Michael -> Board meeting next week. Let me know if there is anything that should be raised.
  
* Joe CPC
  * Elections for 2 voting members for non-impact projects complete (Tobie Langel? 
     and Chris Hiller elected)
  * Continuing to work on code of conduct aspects.
  * Nothing firm on conference yet.
  * Issue opened in admin repo to discuss Node.js Director post July 2020 - https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/496

### Issues and PRs

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Do we need a newsletter? [#590](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/590)
  * Discussed last week, Tierney closed.

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)
  * moving forward, can land once Tierney is happy with it.

### nodejs/mentorship

* Give Slack Channel Permissions [#596](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/596)
  * Tierney, should ask what the initiative members think in terms of which to use
  * OpenJS one is paid, history will not go away.
  * Reach Jordan To Ask Permissions.

* Give Owner Permissions to Mentorship Champion [#595](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/595)
  * Michael -> done

### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
