# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-10-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj_3sU3YgI8&ab_channel=node.js
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/645
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vdL_YjT0rMSkc99Lv5o5eXUzlAg_8wRc-P1IgEbDQJ4/edit

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Cindy Choi (@choilmto)
* David Guttman (@davidguttman)
* A.J. Roberts (@detrohutt)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)


Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements


### Initiative updates

* Mentoring
  * Have matched mentor/mentee for initial initiative, which is a great milestone.
  * Have new team member :)

* Examples
  * Have reviewed a number of the PRs, but still working through getting some of them landed
  * Working with mentee, so PR in an example

* Internationalization
  * team members are going to start meeting regularly again
  * Initial focus on website and i18n led by Steven Loomis (see 
    https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/blob/master/guides/I18N-API.md
    for some more details)

* Website redesign
  * Starting to use projects tabs in github repo to create kanban board for focus on MVP.
  * Looking at how to handle multiple languages smartly; will work with i18n team

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Nothing new to report on the board front, let me know if you have anything that needs to be
   brought to the board.

* 3 things to mention (Joe)
  * Working on growth plans for projects they make sense for (may eliminate growth as phase) 
  * Collaboration network has been approved, if you see groups working on topics important to
    the JavaScript/Node.js ecosystem its a good place to get the support needed to collaborate
    and work under the OpenJS Foundation space to move things forward.
  * Optimizing proposal process
 
### Issues and PRs 

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* feat(charter): introduce emergency and async votes [#919](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/919)
  * Tierney to submit PR to CommComm to match the charter changes

### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
