# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-07-23

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdVAAlPfRks
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/632

## Present

* David Guttman (@davidguttman)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Initiative updates

* mentorship, created reference solution to the new challenge for examples (express app, rendering node distribution versions using handlebars etc...), Ademola (mentorship team mentee) has written up a blog post

* website redesign - Divy/Ben have been only attendees for the last few sessions. Have been using as working session. Trying to get new members, talking to Joe about how to do that. Joe best thing to do would be to have clear on-ramps, but know that does take some planning

* Internationalization - Ben
  * Steady work on infra, integration between crowdin/our repo, still more work to do
  * Some next steps are to improve collaboration guides, how to get started etc.
  * Steven Loomis is shifting focus, looking to transfer ICU modules to the nodejs org as first step to trying to build more people to contribute to Globalization/ICU support in Node.js
* Social team update
  * Joe has now been onboarded as the second member
  * Tweet together PR has been merged https://github.com/nodejs/tweet
  * Trying to figure out certain things about, whether there should be a digest
  * Discussed for 15min….


### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Membership, GitHub took over npm’s membership, as silver membership, Current members here: https://openjsf.org/about/members/

* Board meeting this week, I can’t make it but Syncing with Kris (the CPC director). Don’t have any specific issues to bring up this meeting, if there is something please let me know.

CPC News You Can Use update: https://lists.openjsf.org/g/projects/message/96
 

### Issues and PRs 

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Adding new Champion for Website Redesign team [#627](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/627)
  * Blocked. Need someone on CommComm to be champion
  * Discussed, Ben will act as liaison.  Divy to update PR and then we should be able to land.

* Update scope of nodejs-collection [#608](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/608)
  * Discussed last week, were ok with suggestions. 
  * Waleed will move forward as suggested in the issue. Tierney will remove the agenda tag from
     the issue


### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

