# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-04-30

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wj--moq-roM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/604
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yFWiHZ47HgqUCHVFzDTitBY7frUfygbkpsUiXeaDr0o/edit

## Present

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* David Guttman (@davidguttman)
* Saulo Nunes(@saulonunesdev)
* A.J. Roberts (@detrohutt)
* Saleh Motaal(@SMotaal)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Initiative updates

#### Mentorship
  * Saulo: 
    * Mentorship migrated to Open.js Slack Public #nodejs-mentorship and Private #node-mentorship-team #mentorship-examples
    * Create a PR to add @DavidGuttman as Mentorship Champion https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/607


#### Examples
  * Tierney: working on being able to have others contribute; tweaks to CI and other guardrails to have others add examples; hoping to start working with some folks who have expressed interest

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

  * Joe: working on regular member requirements; focusing cpc meetings on code of conduct process; openjs world is virtual as well as collab summit
 
### Issues and PRs 

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* 2nd Director seat- post July 2020 [#496](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/496)
See also: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/438
  * Joe: Currently, there is a node rep on the board (Michael Dawson) but this node specific representation was only drafted for one year and beyond the first year, the expectation is that it would be from “the community” of projects. Discussion is happening now about whether it should be a node person for another year
  * Tierney pointed out that Node people can run so even if the seat wasn’t specific to Node, it could still end up being a Node person
  * Manil: can we request that if the new board seat is not Node specific can we have some sort of regular update from this board seat.

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)
* Possibly best to begin sunsetting since we do not have bandwidth to continue managing
* As the Social Media Delegates and Node.js Collection develop, we can continue to see how overlap could simplify work and objectives
* Waleed to make issue tracking the above ^^

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Calendar invite not updating the zoom links [#586](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/586)



### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
