# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-03-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/GxH_504jJDw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/587

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Rachel Romoff
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Saleh Abdel Motaal(@smotaal)
* Saulo Nunes(@saulonunes)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Onur Laru (@LaRuaNa)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest
by calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Initiative updates

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Board
  * Guidance on member companies provided additional directed funding documented here:
    https://openjsf.org/about/project-funding-opportunities/

* CPC
  * OpenJS foundation is looking for new content for blog (deep technical content)
  * OpenJS looking for developer profiles, reach out to Rachel or Matteo
  * MacOS, notarization, common certs, etc.
  * Looking for candidates to nominate to the CoCP panel (Node.js can optionally
    provide one).  
  * Continuing activity on projects joining
  * Discussion on
  * Chartering of the standards team in progress, will be “supporting” role as opposed where the
    standards work takes place.
  * Collaboration Network - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/497

### Issues and PRs

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* Create nodejs/examples repository [#474](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/474)
  * Working on the structure and figuring out what works, want to make sure we have testing
     so the quality of examples is maintainable over time.
  * Hope to have PoC today and then soon after push initial version.
  * Rachel we should sync on promotion.

* Additional org owned by Node.js project  for package maintenance team [#470](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/470)
  * Any blocking concerns?
  * Agreed that unless there are objections by 1 EST on Monday it will be considered
     that it can go forward.

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * raised as an ad hoc agenda item
  * raised for awareness
  * Tierney added POC

### nodejs/community-committee

* OpenJS Foundation Cross-Project Council - Node.js CommComm Seat Election [#586](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/586)
  * Joe is the only volunteer unless objections voiced by 23rd in the issue we consider
     him re-elected for another year.
  * Reminder that you can also join as Regular member and please do.

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)
  * Still working on it, hopefully, this week.

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Subscribe-to-newsletter Action. [#331](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/331)
  * newsletter is not active currently, figuring out future of newletters at Foundation level, but for
    now we don’t need a sign up on the website
  
* Next Hackathon: March 21th 8:00 am PST [#417](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/417)
  * Welcoming (and onboarding) [@designMoreWeb](https://github.com/designMoreWeb) to the team

### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
