# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2020-02-20

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqKlW3-yUsE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/581
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lWI4PUMPV5cWJzq4J_29-GFfTBfjZ-16iU_TBDvt-yA/edit

## Present

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* Ben Halverson (@benhalverson)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Saulo Nunes (@SauloNunes)
* Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest
by calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the doc for meeting minutes*

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Initiative updates

* Community outreach
  * Working on meetup in a box.  Deciding which JamStack that will use and then will
    build in hackathon type approach
  * Website redesign
    * Picking up some steam, putting together some OKRs
    * Reducing scope to match existing website as first step before enhancing
    * Similar to outreach people have been enjoining bi-weekly hackathon type efforts

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
  * Code of Conduct panel is spinning up
  * Travel fund is landed and active
    * Projects can ask for dedicated allocation for an event, but it’s not needed, can just use as is done now
  * Need a Node.js rep for CoCP at OpenJS level

  * No updates from board activity, but meeting is next week so let me know if you have any
     issues you want me to raise

### Issues and PRs

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
   * Currently working on POC with Electron, no further updates

* unblock translation process [#469](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/469)
  * Tierney: i18n folks requested access to GitHub token to work with CrowdIn; some questions around how to make it work (perhaps using node bot)

### nodejs/community-committee

* Starting an Examples Initiative [#550](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/550)
  * Tierney: PR is merged; documenting next steps; repo will soon be created; figuring out how to run tests on project amongst multiple projects in one repo;

* Community Committee and OKRs [#547](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/547)
  * Tierney: think it can be closed pending Manil’s open question; OKRs are optional for initiatives but suggested
  * Manil: agree - not required for initiatives; but need to raise awareness with initiatives, perhaps CommComm working with initiative leaders
  * Joe: perhaps we can give guidance; document how we envision initiatives aligning with CommComm OKRs
  * Tierney: would be willing to work with folks and documenting how these efforts could align (CC + Initiatives)
[ talk about Electron OKRs]
  * Tierney: going to close issue
  * Website redesign draft OKRs: https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/pull/394

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)
  * Waleed: (from comment on CC meeting issue) what can we offer folks who offer to review?
  * Tierney: PR is super close to being done; hopefully can land soon

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Onboarding: @SauloNunes and @BenHalverson [#406](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/406)
  * Tierney: asks Manil which team to add to;
  * Saleh: once we determine which team, can we clean up other team?
  * Manil: was two repos at one time; thats why theres two teams; not sure of impact of merging
  * Tierney: move everyone from redesign team to node.dev team and nuke redesign; access differs between teams only slightly
  * Manil: Is there a difference in tooling with the two teams
  * Tierney: no idea! We should ask Myles
  * Manil: we should open an issue and track this team cleanup
  * Tierney: recommends: centralize on nodejs.dev; any objections? Silence…
  * Tierney has added Saulo and Ben live



### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
