# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2020-01-09

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtAiVH_Qa7s>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/563>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tKHQ9kOvBBvzK6TmrAm0MPqzvxnVC7a-U1kr-fsNdSY>

## Present

* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Waleed Ashraf (@)
* Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* Maedah Batool (@maedahbatool)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Eva Howe
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)

* CommComm Members: @nodejs/community-committee

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend the meeting as a guest
by calling into Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

## *Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes' doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements

### Initiative updates

* Website redesign, could use new co-champion to help move the work forward. Manil will stay
   on but does not have as much time as he’d like

* Ben, recent interest on internationalization, 2020 good time to make progress and he’s hoping
  to get more forward movement. Joe lets talk I met one person who was interested in helping
  with Russian.

* Outreach, new community page completed. <https://github.com/nodejs/outreach/blob/master/community.md>.  Next step add to new website.

* Joe, user feedback, moved repo over to OpenJS repo, we can archive [nodejs/user-feedback](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback) repo in
   Node.js org when ready [#567](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/567).

* Waleed - In process with updating the Node.js Collection submission process and making it more open and easy to submit.

## CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board - not too much to update here
* CPC - Discussions around code of conduct and moderation.  New team/working group will
  likely spin up. In terms of CoC agreement that will inline Contributor Covenant.
* Weigh in on email related to naming of next iteration of event (Planned for June).  
* Likely first collab summit of year will be in Austin with the conference, some discussion but still
  at the “ideas” stage for where/when to do 2nd European collab summit which might be
  Node.js specific.

### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * Node.js account is the largest of the OpenJS accounts. High reach.
  * Proposal for how to manage account is in issue
  * Continue discussion in the GitHub issue.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Remove individual membership director role and move williamkapke to emeritus [#560](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/560)
  * Merged, nothing to discuss

* Add licenses to CommComm repositories [#559](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/559)
  * Need to start work on adding the licences.Issues around how to do this.
  * Need to update CommComm license (says Node.js Foundation)
  * Continue discussion in GitHub

* Starting an Examples Initiative [#550](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/550)
  * plan to start new initiative with examples beyond hello world.

* Community Committee and OKRs [#547](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/547)
  * Tierney talked a bit about the process and some of the discussion
     at the collaborator summit.

* Initiative #507 — Preparing questions for annual survey [#538](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/538)

* Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
