# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-07-09

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRwfY3A2k5A
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/630
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vcbvhZ9-xrGPyGs0XGDksu43iq1_xeXBN4hUvMu6_lw/edit

## Present


* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* David Guttman (@davidguttman)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Initiative updates

* mentorship, took last week off for the holiday, working on discussions with team in terms of 
  requirements for candidates.
* Website redesign, were discussing weekly meeting, every Thursday at 2, have a number of
  new members. Have started doing so.
* For examples initiative. Was trying direct outreach to experts in certain areas, instead have
   created wish list of things to have examples for and reached out to people who are SMEâ€™s or
   who might have at stake to get things rolling. Link: https://github.com/nodejs/examples/issues

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Michael: requirements for responsible disclosure, we already meet the requirements so no
  Concern - Node already meeting the baseline requirements listed.
* Feedback requested by board from projects on moving from current CLA to Apache style CLAs - Node.js project does not use CLA (uses DCO instead)
* Next meeting is July 24th, let me know if there is anything I should raise
   
### Issues and PRs 

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Adding new Champion for Website Redesign team [#627](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/627)
  * main issue is requirement for champion to be member
  * real problem is being able to start meetings, Tierney will get Divy and at least one other
    Web site redesign member access to youtube, zoom so they can start/stream the meetings

* Update scope of nodejs-collection [#608](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/608)
  * Discussed and commend on the issue

### nodejs/mentorship

* Sync Meetings with Youtube [#189](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/189)
  * Need access to youtube/zoom to be able to stream/upload recordings
  * Tierney will send out emails etc. to get Saulo access

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Marketing text for homepage [#637](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/637)
  * Going to remove agenda tag.

### nodejs/node

* Next 10 years of Node.js [#34260](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/34260)
  * FYI, meeting next week, hope to get good participation.

### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

