# Node.js Foundation Community Committee Meeting 2020-01-23

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF2T-94ozuk>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/571>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XxdewTpQDgrY6IJ7zeOxvMWSLsFgtAUHR1Aj5Oh7lpI/edit>

## Present

* Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ben Halverson (@benhalverson)
* Manil Chowhury (@keywordnew)
* Ahmad Awais (@ahmadawais)
* Saulo Nunes (@saulonunes)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Saleh Abdel Motaal

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest,
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

### *Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

## Announcements

* CFP is open for next conference in Austin Texas
* Looking for feedback on Keynote topics
* Marketing meeting is now more open to attendance, if you have an interest please consider attending

## CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting this Friday if there are any new issues. Both issues on the board should
  be on the agenda (both are from the TSC).
* On-off travel request is approved/complete

* Michael: CPC discussions to be aware of
  * Spinning up team to define scope and MVP for CoC at OpenJS level
  * Travel fund, seems to be moving towards agreeing to land/constitute travel fund at OpenJS
    level then in second PR amend to projects can request budget/make their own approvals for
    specific events.

### Initiative updates

* Joe: User feedback moved up to OpenJS level
* Tierny, are our docs updated?  Sounds like that needs to be done. Joe will take action to do
  so.

* Ahmad:
  * Outreach has finished the basic community page PR to the new site soon.
  * We are planning a Node.js meetup in a box hackathon to build something basic; help people
    get started when starting a new meetup. Will have more updates next time.
  * Community page: <https://github.com/nodejs/outreach/blob/master/community.md>

* Waleed
  * Some questions about who has access to the email associated with Medium account. He will open an issue to pursue.

* Manil
  * Website redesign initiative, Adam moved to Emeritus, need additional co-champion.
    Being worked in Nodejs.dev.
  * Ben Halverson volunteered to help.
  * Manil to setup a call for those interested to discuss how to move forward.

### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * Next step is Tierny will work on PR to add governance to admin repo to cover how we’d
    manage the twitter account

### nodejs/community-committee

* Add licenses to CommComm repositories [#559](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/559)
  * Tierney will list repos and what we should do in each one

* Starting an Examples Initiative [#550](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/550)
  * PR [#570] open to add initiative

* Community Committee and OKRs [#547](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/547)
  * Needs more approvals on PR - <https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/569>

* Initiative #507 — Preparing questions for annual survey [#538](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/538)
  * Rachel: Foundation is working to make sure the overall survey questions are without any issues from their standpoint before launching the survey.

* Node.js Social Media Community Collaboration [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/444)
  * Going to remove the agenda tag until more progress

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)

### nodejs/mentorship-program

* Changed Champion from Ahmad to David Guttman [#178](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/178)
  * requested by Ahmad

* Collecting Feedback from Previous Cohorts [#180](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/180)

* Asserting and Improving Pairing Process
  * currently pending

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
