# Node.js  Community Committee Meeting 2020-04-02

## Links

* **Recording**: (none - Zoom + YouTube integration broke for this meeting üòû)
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/593

## Present

* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Rachel Romoff (@RRomoff)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Divy (@designMoreWeb)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)

Feel free to follow along on the YouTube live stream, or attend meeting as a guest 
by calling in to Zoom, using the links below. If you will be attending as a guest, 
please comment on this issue to let us know you'll be joining.

*Members and Observers: In order to facilitate attendance tracking, don't hesitate do add yourselves to the minutes doc*

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### Initiative updates

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* CPC voting is underway for non-impact messages
* Michael: standards team is chartered, also gave quick overview of the Collaboration Network.
  some, useful links:
  * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards
  * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474
  * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/497

* Michael, nothing of note to report from the latest Board meeting.

* Examples:
  * Tierney has a lot of work already done in a bnb/examples repo. A CLI example exists and lots of documentation around structure and test. Testing framework in place (JEST). Joe and Tierney will hack on an md file to build out some ideas around more initial examples and try to flesh it out further before promoting the initiative more widely.

### Issues and PRs

*Extracted from **cc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* Create nodejs/examples repository [#474](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/474)

* Additional org owned by Node.js project  for package maintenance team [#470](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/470)
  * Should have been removed from agenda, Michael -> done that now.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Do we need a newsletter? [#590](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/590)
  * Dormant now, could put as a ‚ÄúChampion needed‚Äù
  * Joe other good news letters out there, if we had a small digest could we work with one of 
     those weekly news letters? Rachel/Tierney good idea.

* OpenJS Foundation Cross-Project Council - Node.js CommComm Seat Election [#586](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/586)
  * Believe this is complete ? Can we close the issue.

### nodejs/nodejs-collection

* Update readme with new process [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-collection/pull/37)
  * discussion how to present but making progress.

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Subscribe-to-newsletter Action. [#331](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/331)
  * No longer needed since we won‚Äôt have a newsletter in the short term.

### Q&A, Other

### Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
